keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	15	Action by the Committee In pursuance of its mandate , the Committee will continue to keep under review the situation relating to the question of Palestine and participate in relevant meetings of the General Assembly and the Security Council . The Committee will also continue to monitor the situation on the ground and draw the attention of the international community to urgent developments in the Occupied Palestinian Territory , including East Jerusalem , requiring international action .
keep%2:35:10::	keep.v	40	Another major cause of concern is the widespread practice of undue prolonged pre-trial detention in police stations as well as in prisons , mainly of suspects charged with felonies . In several districts , there are reports of detainees being kept beyond the legal time limit of 10 days for alleged homicide . In Bo Town , for example , four nurses who allegedly carried out a failed surgical intervention on a patient in the absence of an authorized doctor have been detained at the police station since September 2003 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	42	He was not a rear-looking conservative , yet partisans of that persuasion will miss him as much as any . Two of the vital qualities demanded of a politician by other politicians are that he always keep a confidence and that he keep his word . Sam Rayburn took unnumbered secrets with him to the grave , for he was never loquacious , and his word , once given , was not subject to retraction .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	11	If we do , what else ? Do we want to keep “ confidence-building measures ” ? I put the question to the house .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	99	We pledge to continue to work towards achieving the goals and objectives of the Group of 77 and China and , in this regard , underscore the historic importance of the Fortieth Anniversary of the establishment of the Group of 77 to be commemorated in June 2004 . We reaffirm our commitment to the strengthening of multilateralism and emphasize the need to work towards a key and decisive role of the United Nations in international economic policy-making and global and economic development issues and effectively contribute to the achievement of the development goals and objectives of developing countries in keeping with the provisions of the United Nations Charter . We welcome General Assembly resolution 57/270 B on the integrated and coordinated implementation of and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic and social fields , and call for its immediate and full implementation .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	142	( i ) Acknowledges with appreciation the burden that continues to be shouldered by developing and least developed countries hosting refugees , and urges Member States to recognize this valuable contribution to the protection of refugees and to participate in efforts to promote burden sharing and durable solutions ; and further acknowledges the valuable contribution of resettlement countries to providing durable solutions for refugees ; ( j ) Urges Member States , in the light of the extensive needs to be addressed by the Office of the High Commissioner , to respond generously and in a spirit of solidarity , and in a timely manner , to his appeal for resources to meet in full the approved 2008-2009 Biennial Programme Budget ; and to support initiatives to ensure that the Office is resourced in a better and more predictable manner , while keeping “ earmarking ” to a minimum level . Decision on the programme of work of the Standing Committee in 2009
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	45	In the light of these elements , the Representative is focusing in the first place on promoting the 1998 Guiding Principles and securing their incorporation into national legislation and policy . He works with governments and other partners to ensure that such legislation is in keeping with the international rules set out in the Guiding Principles . The Representative is also working with the Brookings-Bern project on internal displacement on the drafting of a handbook for legislators and decision-makers on the national implementation of these principles , which is to be published in the autumn of 2008 following a series of consultations with experts from government and civil society .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	51	- The alien resident 's status must be normal ; - The information to be recorded in the Saudi passport must match that of the alien 's passport ( if one exists ) and must be in accord with the documents and information available concerning him ; his foreign passport is kept and subsequently returned to him in the event that he returns the Saudi passport ; - The passport is valid for a single trip or for a period of one year for multiple trips ;
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	14	Peacekeeping missions were successful when they created an environment conducive to local capacity-building . Keeping the peace took time , building national capacities took time , and reconciliation took time . The international community must adopt realistic expectations as to the time-line required to achieve successful peacekeeping , and must be prepared to stay the course .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	36	Nevertheless , we are convinced that the Commonwealth possesses considerable positive potential , which can and must be put to use for the good of our peoples . Deepening multilateral cooperation within CIS is absolutely in keeping with the national interests of the States members and is proceeding along the same course as general world trends . The common desire of our countries to achieve stable and consistent socio-economic development and dignified integration into the world community is a sound basis for interaction within the CIS framework .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	50	Also requests the Administrator to ensure that any proposed decision submitted to the Executive Board by the United Nations Development Programme that is expected to affect the Financial Regulations and Rules be accompanied by the proposed revised text of the relevant regulation and/or rule ; Further requests the Administrator to keep the financial regulations under active review , including with regard to taking into account any adjustment that may facilitate the implementation of the United Nations Development Assistance Framework , and to consult accordingly with members of the Executive Board ; Requests the Administrator to transmit to the Consultative Committee on Administrative Questions ( Financial and Budgetary Questions ) the changes in terminology introduced through the present decision and to inform the Executive Board of the comments of the Committee ;
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	93	Positive developments elsewhere , including moves towards peace in several countries , have been overshadowed by assaults on the physical security of refugees , ranging from attacks on refugee camps and the rape of refugee women , to instances of refoulement , non-admission to asylum procedures , refusal to grant UNHCR access to asylum-seekers , arbitrary detention , undue pressure on refugees to repatriate and increasing xenophobia in some countries . In the area of refugee and returnee security , progress was made in building closer working relations with the Department of Peace Keeping Operations ( DPKO ) at the United Nations Secretariat and several United Nations peace missions on the ground . Of grave concern is the shrinking space for safe and unhindered humanitarian action as a result of direct attacks on the United Nations and on humanitarian personnel .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	55	We commend the active participation of important organizations , including the African Union , in support of this effort . We also welcome the fact that the first meeting of national coordinators was held in June , and we hope that the rather tight provisional timetable proposed by the Secretary-General in his report can be kept to . In short , we believe that it is essential that the international community provide decisive support for the conference , so that the goals set out by the Secretary-General and the Security Council can be achieved .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	25	Organization of work In section II.A , paragraph 20 , of its resolution 57/283 B , the General Assembly encouraged the Committee on Conferences to keep under continued review the procedures for the participation of observers in the work of the Committee . Adoption of the report
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	42	The Special Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly that the Committee continue to be represented at seminars , meetings and conferences organized by United Nations bodies and other intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations active in the field of decolonization . In keeping with its decision of 23 February 2006 , the Committee would authorize its Chairman to hold consultations , as appropriate , concerning its participation in those meetings , as well as the level of representation , when accepting invitations . In accordance with established practice and on the basis of the principle of rotation , the Chairman would hold consultations with the Bureau members , who , in turn , would consult with the members of the Committee from their respective regional groups .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	23	Endorses the conclusions and recommendations of the Committee contained in chapter VII of its report ; 1 Requests the Committee to continue to keep under review the situation relating to the question of Palestine and to report and make suggestions to the General Assembly or the Security Council , as appropriate ; Authorizes the Committee to continue to exert all efforts to promote the exercise of the inalienable rights of the Palestinian people , to make such adjustments in its approved programme of work as it may consider appropriate and necessary in the light of developments , to give special emphasis to the need to mobilize support and assistance for the Palestinian people and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-sixth session and thereafter ;
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	49	Birth registration While noting Act No. 96/020 of 19 June 1996 on the obligation to register every child 's birth and the establishment of a Secretariat of State for Civil Registration , the Committee is nevertheless concerned at the difficulties that are still experienced in registering , organizing and keeping civil registry records , in particular in rural areas . In light of article 7 of the Convention , the Committee recommends that the State party :
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	35	Japan has been assisting developing countries in enhancing their legal systems and has had significant success in this area . Japan is also determined to make further efforts to strengthen international criminal law , in keeping with the commitment formalized through its accession to the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court last year . These activities would contribute to enhancing the capacity of each country to accept and utilize international law by making its legal system more effective , which is the very foundation for promoting this initiative .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Force in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its sixty-first session , under the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations peacekeeping forces in the Middle East ” , the sub-item entitled “ United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon ” . * On behalf of the States Members of the United Nations that are members of the Group of 77 and China .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	53	The European Union recently adopted a programme for the prevention of violent conflicts , in which cooperation with the United Nations is a prominent feature . The programme declares that European Union ( EU ) actions will be undertaken in accordance with the principles and purposes of the United Nations Charter , in keeping with the primary role of the United Nations in conflict prevention . It recalls that the main responsibility for conflict prevention rests with the parties concerned and reiterates the importance of local and regional capacity-building .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	85	The majority of members nevertheless agreed that the enlargement of the scope of a reservation should be treated as the late formulation of a reservation , since the restrictions applicable to the late formulation of a reservation should definitely be maintained . In that regard , it was noted that guideline 2.3.3 on objections to late formulation of a reservation had to be adapted to the case of the enlargement of a reservation because , in the case of an objection , the reservation is kept in its original form . Ruling out the possibility of the enlargement of reservations would be much too rigid an approach .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	65	Encourages Member States , when seeking additional information , to request that they be provided with the information either orally or , if in writing , in the form of information sheets , annexes , tables and the like , and encourages the wider use of this practice ; Requests the Secretary-General to ensure that documentation and reports are issued well in advance , in keeping with the six-week rule for the issuance of documentation simultaneously in all official languages , as set out in resolution 49/221 B of 23 December 1994 and in resolution 59/309 of 22 June 2005 on multilingualism ; Also requests the Secretary-General to submit a status report to the General Assembly at its sixtieth session on the implementation of all resolutions regarding the revitalization of its work , including resolutions 58/126 of 19 December 2003 and 58/316 and the present resolution .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	74	One of the easiest ways in which to evaluate the progress achieved with regard to youth participation in all levels of decision-making is simply to count how many government delegations at the second session of the Commission acting as the preparatory committee include youth representatives . At the organizational session of the Commission acting as the preparatory committee held in April-May 2001 , there were no more than four or five countries that had kept their Agenda 21 commitment to include youth representatives in their delegations to international meetings . Unfortunately , this is indicative of youth engagement at regional and national levels of decision-making , as well as of the state of access to information that would enable youth to understand the process and benefit of their involvement .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	46	The Court limited its decision to the tax issue involved , commenting : `` It is not our province to pass judgment on the morality of the transaction '' . A portable kerosene range designed for use aboard boats is sold with a special railing to keep it from moving with the motion of the vessel . The Revenue Service said the addition of the attachment does not keep the range from coming under the Federal manufacturers ' excise tax on household-type appliances .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	36	Off and on , all day , someone would be wiping at the powdery gray dust that settled over everything . The evaporative cooler had been moved to Granny 's room , and her door was kept shut ; so that the rest of the house stayed open , though there was a question as to whether it was hotter or cooler that way . The dust clogged their throats , and the heat parched them , so that the women were always making ice water .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	24	We are well aware of the cause : it is conflict , the responsibility for which falls mainly on UNITA . We must therefore keep up the pressure on UNITA . The international community and the Angolan Government are searching for an appropriate response to this humanitarian crisis .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	39	The regulations require the inscription of each individual ( male or female , adult or child ) on a separate card ( fiche ) . The cards , filed by circonscription ( sub-chiefdom , or village ) , are kept in the headquarters of each territoire ( chiefdom ) . Each card is expected to show certain information about the individual concerned , including his or her date of birth ( or age at a specified time ) , spouses , and children .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	15	Action by the Committee In pursuance of its mandate , the Committee will continue to keep under review the situation relating to the question of Palestine and to participate in relevant meetings of the Security Council and the General Assembly . The Committee will also continue to monitor the situation on the ground and draw the attention of the international community to urgent developments in the Occupied Palestinian Territory , including Jerusalem , requiring international action .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	66	Drug control , crime prevention , terrorism prevention and criminal justice are crucial to the development of safe , just and healthy societies and they are closely intertwined with the rule of law , development , security and peace . An architectural design for a safer world would include the rule of law as the framework , development as a strong social foundation and security to keep it safe , while peace would maintain good neighbourly relations . A fair , effective and credible criminal justice system promotes long-term socio-economic and human development and shields society from the effects of crime , trafficking , corruption and instability .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	29	I.3.3 Ecuador 's National Human Rights Plan Ecuador was the first country in the Latin American region to draw up a National Human Rights Plan in 1998 , in keeping with the recommendations of the World Conference on Human Rights held in Vienna in 1993 . In the course of a broad consultation process in 17 national meetings , proposals were put forward for related operational plans .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	33	This means that a lone parent moving into a job paying average wages would retain their tax credit payment for the rest of the year . Lone parents taking up part-time work can keep the first £20 of their weekly earnings without it affecting their Income Support or Job Seekers ' Allowance . Carers
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	104	In the case of Rwanda , despite a period of four years — from 1990 to 1994 — during which implementation of the plan of action was interrupted , we can be proud that , despite the difficult context following the genocide , the last eight years have been marked by some significant achievements , including , first of all , the signing of the Convention on the Rights of the Child and its two additional Optional Protocols . In this context , the Government of Rwanda has undertaken a process of constitutional and juridical review to ensure that our legislation is now in keeping with these international instruments . Secondly , Rwanda has also joined the world campaign entitled “ Say Yes for Children ” , and our people voted en masse for the following three priorities : combating AIDS ; ending violence against children and the exploitation of children ; and guaranteeing that every child has an education .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	32	Participants affirmed the need to ensure that these criteria should not provoke an arbitrary or overly legalistic end-point to national or international attention and efforts to protect and assist IDPs . In keeping with the emphasis on the particular needs of displaced persons that had inspired the identification of the category of IDP in the first instance , the participants emphasized the importance of ensuring that criteria on when displacement ends take into account the need to transform a situation of crisis into full rehabilitation and sustainability , and that the displaced have the right to return to their areas of origin , locally integrate or resettle in another location , in accordance with the Guiding Principles . Taking into account the results of this and prior meetings on this subject , benchmarks on what constitutes durable solutions for IDPs will be published by the Project and presented by the Representative to the Emergency Relief Coordinator , Jan Egeland , in early 2005 .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	37	The instructions are based on the “ Know your customer ” principle . They also call for taking precautions in cases that so require , obtaining complete data and applying the notion “ Keep your money , keep your records ” . For example , the instructions require an inquiry into the identity of anyone not having an account with the bank who requests the transfer of an amount exceeding $ 10 , 000 or the equivalent in other currencies .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-ninth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Interim Administration Mission in Kosovo ” . 91st plenary meeting 13 April 2005
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	21	This requirement arises from the criminalization of the funding of terrorism . Our entire body of law , which is in keeping with human rights , is democratic and punishes terrorist actions , fulfils this requirement without any need for a separate criminal definition . Moreover , this prohibition is reflected in both the provision on unlawful associations contained in article 294 of the Penal Code ( which punishes any individual who takes part in an unlawful association and , in particular , any one who knowingly and voluntarily provides means and instruments for the commission of crimes , or a shelter , hiding place or meeting place ) , as well as in the general provisions governing complicity and harbouring contained in the body of law .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	43	Optional draft outline for reporting on the implementation of IPF/IFF proposals for action Purpose : To give the fifth session of the United Nations Forum on Forests a basis for making decisions on future proposals for action ( e.g. no future proposals , keep the existing proposals , abandon the existing and adopting new proposals ) One simple questionnaire to all member States of the United Nations Forum on Forests and another to international organizations , conventions and processes concerned .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	49	The European Commission was in the process of organizing an international donor conference for this purpose when the process came to a regrettable end at The Hague . The plan foresees that the Cyprus pound would be the currency of the United Cyprus Republic but allows Turkish Cypriots to keep bank accounts in other currencies and to do their bookkeeping in euros . The system of allocation of indirect taxes to the constituent states would result in a net transfer of resources from the Greek Cypriot State to the Turkish Cypriot State until the economic disparities between the two states have disappeared .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	48	Both Cook 's and Russell 's lives were threatened by the Mexicans following the killing , but the company officers felt that in the end , it would serve to quiet them despite their immediate emotion . General manager Pels even suggested that it might be wise to keep the Mexicans in suspense rather than accept their offers to sell out and move away , and try to have a few punished . On February 17 , Russell and Cook were sent to the Pena Flor community on the Vermejo to see about renting out ranches the company had purchased .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	25	Second , on the other hand , the private sector is organizing itself through the establishment of professional bodies and associations . This is in keeping with the belief that effective private sector representation and participation in decision-making require structures and organization . Third , in the light of this evolution , many landlocked and transit developing countries have initiated public-private dialogue and consultations. Many of these arrangements are still ad hoc in nature , but in some countries ( Uganda , Ghana and the United Republic of Tanzania ) the emerging public-private sector partnership has been institutionalized , and consultations are being held regularly .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	32	( k ) To explore ways to fully use the potential of information and communication technologies in order to speed up translation processes ; Supports the efforts of the Working Group to keep intact the network of national focal points that was established in connection with the year 2000 problem as a vehicle for the diffusion of best practices and lessons learned , in particular for the exchange of information on locally and regionally appropriate solutions and , in this regard , appeals once again to countries and other sources to provide the extrabudgetary resources necessary to maintain the mailing list of the national focal points ; Requests the Secretary-General to extend full cooperation to the Working Group and to give priority to implementing its recommendations ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	57	In the case of Israel , this commitment has not been forthcoming . Egypt believes that , if the credibility and cohesiveness of the international nuclear non-proliferation regime is to be maintained , the international community must show a greater commitment to the objective of ridding the Middle East of the threat of nuclear weapons , in keeping with its own resolutions and decisions . Letter dated 2 September 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Cuba addressed to the Deputy Secretary-General of the Conference on Disarmament transmitting an information note on the holding of the eighteenth regular session of the General Conference of the Agency for the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons in Latin America and the Caribbean ( OPANAL ) in Havana , Cuba , on 5 and 6 November 2003
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	10	2.3 Cooperation with International Mechanisms for Human Rights Protection Brazil keeps a standing invitation to all special thematic procedures and treaty bodies to visit the country and monitor the compliance with its international human rights obligations . Since 1998 , Brazil received the visit of 11 special rapporteurs on 10 different areas , in addition to the Committee Against Torture ( CAT ) .Furthermore , the State was honored to receive the former High Commissioner of the United Nations for Human Rights , Mrs. Mary Robinson ( 2002 ) and , recently , upon being invited by the Brazilian Government , of Mrs. Louise Arbour ( 2007 ) , thus reinforcing the cooperation with the Office of the High Commissioner .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	50	In the interim , our colleagues in DFS now face the dual challenge of continuing to prepare and plan for a mission that will undoubtedly face tremendous operational hurdles while simultaneously strengthening and supporting the African Union Mission in Somalia . As members know , there remains no peace to keep in Somalia . It is clear that United Nations peacekeeping is overstretched .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	74	These problems go hand in hand - notwithstanding certain interesting developments - with the marginalization of indigenous peoples ' customary approaches to conflict resolution and the administration of justice . In this regard , particular mention should be made of General Recommendation No. 31 of the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination , on the prevention of racial discrimination in the administration and functioning of the criminal justice system , which , in keeping with the Bangalore Principles of Judicial Conduct , calls upon States to “ guarantee the right of every person to an effective remedy against acts of racial discrimination ” and “ ensure respect for , and recognition of the traditional systems of justice of indigenous peoples , in conformity with international human rights law ” . In one of his reports ( E/CN.4/2004/80 ) , the Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights and fundamental freedoms of indigenous people spoke about the relationship between discrimination against indigenous peoples and the justice system , noting the physical isolation and poor communications in indigenous areas , and the absence of an effective judiciary designed for the needs of indigenous communities .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	77	The transfer of a child into alternative care should be carried out with the utmost sensitivity and in a child-friendly manner , in particular involving specially trained and , in principle , non-uniformed personnel . When a child is placed in alternative care , contact with his/her family , as well as with other persons close to him or her , such as friends , neighbours and previous carers , should be encouraged and facilitated , in keeping with the child 's protection and best interests . The child should have access to information on the situation of his/her family members in the absence of contact with them .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	47	- The Secretariat should be requested to clarify the text of draft article 73 with regard to claims underlying the arrest based on the views outlined in the above paragraphs ; - The words “ [ of the law of the state or ] ” should be kept in brackets for further consideration . Draft article 74
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	50	If the house you plan to buy or build won n't have big overhangs , you can still do a fair job of keeping the sun off walls and windows with properly designed trellises , fences and awnings . Shade trees , too , are a big help , so keep them if you can . Drawn blinds and draperies do some good , but not nearly as much as shading devices on the outside of the house .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	36	We provide capacity building , training and consultations , locally , regionally and internationally , as well as , Cash loans/grants to achieve sustainable results in India Our strategic Model—in the final analysis-we believe is in keeping with the current and emerging problems related to the targets to be met by 2015 . We plan to expand our reach and move toward self-sufficiency of the people we empower .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	25	Organization of work In section II.A , paragraph 20 , of its resolution 57/283 B , the General Assembly encouraged the Committee on Conferences to keep under continued review the procedures for the participation of observers in the work of the Committee . Adoption of the report
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	37	Rule 110.20 Authority and responsibility on property management ( a ) The Registrar is responsible for the management of the property of the Court , including all systems governing its receipt , recording , utilization , safe keeping , maintenance and disposal , including by sale , and shall designate the officials responsible for performing property management functions . ( b ) A summary statement of non-expendable Court property shall be provided to the Auditor not later than three months following the end of the financial period ( see rule 111.8 ( b ) ( ii ) ) .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	43	While dialogue between civilizations and human rights education were of fundamental importance for rapprochement and understanding , practical steps should be taken to prevent , contain and penalize all perpetrators of acts of terrorism . Those steps should , however , be in keeping with the rule of law at the national and international levels . The plan of action annexed to the Strategy ought to lead to closer international cooperation to synchronize practical action by Member States , which should apply immediately all the measures set forth in that instrument .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	55	We note the findings and recommendations of the comprehensive framework for action of the High-Level Task Force on the Global Food Security Crisis . Given the volume and complexity of the document , CARICOM is still reviewing the document and looks forward to further opportunities in the near future to submit our views , in keeping with our firm commitment to effectively addressing the crisis . Given the scale of the emergency , CARICOM supports the call by some Member States to make the food crisis a major focus of the sixty-third session .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	79	Archbishop Migliore ( Holy See ) : My delegation welcomes this opportunity to publicly consider in plenary meeting of the General Assembly the recent report of the Secretary-General ( A/61/836 ) on the recommendations contained in the report of the High-level Panel on United Nations System-wide Coherence ( A/61/583 ) , issued last November . Over the past 60 years , despite shortcomings of which we are all aware , the United Nations has grown from a mechanism for keeping the peace into a multifaceted organ for the promotion of peace , development and human rights on a scale unknown in history . It is internationally recognized , effective in many areas of its mandates and rightly retains much of its prestige among ordinary people .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	56	That proposal received some support but it was suggested that , if paragraph 2 were retained , it should be limited in scope to situations where the wrong person was named in the contract of carriage . It was further suggested that , if paragraph 2 were ultimately retained , then paragraph 3 should also be kept to avoid the actual carrier from using the presumption that the registered owner of the ship was the carrier as a defence . It was noted that retention of paragraph 2 was not of great import in those jurisdictions that allowed the shipper to seek the arrest of the ship directly against the registered owner to secure claims against the carrier , but it was suggested that retention of the paragraph was preferable .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	43	The Chairman noted that during the previous sessions of the Preparatory Committee summary records had been provided , at each session , for the Committee 's opening meeting , the general debate and the closing meeting . In addition , records had been kept of decisions taken at other meetings . He took it that the Committee wished to proceed accordingly at the current session .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	30	Procurement , property management and general operating functions of the Secretariat should be handled to the extent feasible by the Common Services Division ( see para . The Secretariat shall keep its own property inventories ( see para. 338 ) and shall be involved in procurement decisions that relate to its requirements . Translation and interpretation services should also be pooled , in spite of the possibility that there will be competing demands for such services , even within the organs of the Court .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	67	Recognizing the importance of gender mainstreaming in peacekeeping operations , we are particularly pleased with the Council 's ongoing attention to the issue of women , peace and security . We recognize the need to develop close cooperation between the Security Council , Member States and regional arrangements in the search for ways and means to ensure effective responses to emerging complex conflict situations when measures to keep peace and promote development often have to be taken simultaneously . In that context , we appreciate the establishment at Ashgabat , Turkmenistan , of the United Nations Regional Centre for Preventive Diplomacy for Central Asia , and express our readiness to closely cooperate with the Centre and our neighbours in order to strengthen regional capacities for conflict prevention .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	33	The WTO decision-making processes needed to be more transparent , open and participatory in order to allow full and effective participation by developing countries . In that regard , it was important to keep the item of trade and development high on the agenda of the General Assembly . CARICOM member States noted with concern the slow progress of current WTO negotiations on key issues of development interest , including special and differential treatment , implementation issues , agriculture , services and market access .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	33	A strong General Assembly means a strong Security Council . During the decision on the 1971 Namibia case , Justice Fitzmaurice — incidentally , a right-wing conservative — stated that it was to keep the peace , not to change the world order , that the Security Council was set up . The attempt to change the world order has led to much disquiet and questioning , creating a legitimacy deficit that , in some cases , inevitably leads to a performance deficit .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	27	Operative paragraph 6 Turkey attaches great importance to the leading role that civil society can play in the fight against crime and would be in favour of keeping the text . However , measures to strengthen that role would fail to be adequate unless the role was clearly defined .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	55	Welcomes , in this regard , the accession by New Caledonia to the status of observer in the Pacific Islands Forum , continuing high-level visits to New Caledonia by delegations from countries of the Pacific region and high-level visits by delegations from New Caledonia to countries members of the Pacific Islands Forum ; Decides to keep under continuous review the process unfolding in New Caledonia as a result of the signing of the Nouméa Accord ; Requests the Special Committee to continue the examination of the question of the Non-Self-Governing Territory of New Caledonia and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	36	One of the first laws adopted in Ukraine after it achieved independence concerned the prevention of AIDS and the social protection of the population . Another important step provided for in the Ukrainian legislature , in keeping with international norms of human and patient rights , was to abandon the policy of obligatory HIV testing for groups at risk . The national strategy to address the epidemic is based on establishing a whole hierarchy of national institutions covering the entire social-humanitarian sphere and on promoting effective cooperation with the international community and close collaboration with non-governmental organizations .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	19	Government employees may still utilise parental leave as the special unpaid leave following maternity leave . This is in keeping with the Government 's policy for increasing health and safety at the workplace . Through OPM Circular No. 16/2001 dated 30 March 2001 , a notice was brought to all Government employees stating that in conformity with the Protection of Maternity at Work Places Regulations , 2000 , female government employees are entitled to one week special unpaid leave to be utilised immediately preceding or immediately following the thirteen weeks paid maternity leave as provided in Section 18 of the Conditions of Employment ( Regulation ) Act , 1952 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	70	Activities of the Personal Envoy of the Secretary-General During the reporting period , my Personal Envoy , James A. Baker III , met with officials of the Kingdom of Morocco to determine if , as the administrative power in Western Sahara , Morocco was prepared to offer or support some devolution of authority for all inhabitants and former inhabitants of the Territory that would be genuine , substantial and in keeping with international norms . On 5 May 2001 , my Personal Envoy met with President Bouteflika and other senior Algerian officials in Algiers to present a draft “ Framework agreement on the status of Western Sahara ” ( see annex I ) , which he was confident the Kingdom of Morocco would support .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	60	Similarly pertinent with regard to the destruction of surplus ammunition is the report of the Secretary-General in which better methods for the destruction of arms , ammunition and explosives are proposed ( S/2000/1092 ) . Argentina therefore believes that this initial draft resolution on the matter , which was introduced by the representative of France , will help us to keep the issue of ammunition on our agenda and may contribute to making Member States aware of its importance . The delegation of Argentina will therefore support the draft resolution , in order to underscore the need to comprehensively address the problems associated with small arms and light weapons by also addressing the issue of ammunition .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	25	Business leaders are aware now that they suffer greatly from any outbreak of violence . They are putting strong pressure on their police departments to keep order . In the past these same Southerners were inclined to look the other way .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	42	Those which had already submitted a report were invited to send the secretariat updated information concerning their activities . It was recommended that the updated information should focus on support activities for affected country Parties in regions other than Africa ( in keeping with decision 9/COP.6 ) . Decision 11/COP.1 lays down that reports should reach the UNCCD secretariat at least six months prior to the session at which they are to be reviewed .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	57	E. Workload standards Since the main part of the fifty-ninth session of the General Assembly , a departmental task force continued its review of workload standards on the basis of instructions from the Assembly in its resolutions 56/242 , 57/283 B , 58/250 and 59/265 and developed preliminary proposals for alternative approaches to performance measurement more in keeping with the Assembly 's requirements for more meaningful modern management information . In seeking to establish the impact of information technology on the performance of conference-servicing staff , the task force found that the chief benefits of information technology use were enhanced consistency and accuracy of translation and interpretation ( owing to the basically intellectual nature of the core functions involved , which are neither amenable to complete automation nor significantly speeded up by the use of computer applications in the existing workflow environment ) .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	88	It also comes at a time of great need to prop up shared resolve in the face of a positive evolution that is hardly matched by the much-needed capability to deliver at the operational level . It is well known that Africa responded to the call of duty towards the Somali people under adverse circumstances ; it deployed the African Union Mission in Somalia ( AMISOM ) with very little experience in institutional and managerial control of peace support operations , in the absence of a peace to keep and relying heavily on external support . It is gratifying to note that AMISOM has been resiliently representing the international community on the ground in Somalia for the past two years and is today capable of providing a modicum of support to the ongoing efforts resulting from the Djibouti process .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	23	These exhibitions range from the teaching aspects of the interpretation of nature to specialized topics and the diffusion of science . The Museum keeps the inventories of wildlife up to date by means of cooperation agreements with public bodies such as the Ministry of the Environment and Natural Resources , NGOs , community development associations , universities and independent researchers . The CONACYT Prize for the diffusion of science and technology was instituted in order to encourage journalistic activities which extend the frontiers of knowledge .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	39	The Palestinian Authority is the primary employer of the Palestinian labour force , with a large proportion of the wider population crucially dependent on wages paid by the Authority . Continuing and expanded donor assistance will be essential to keep the Palestinian Authority afloat . Support is required urgently , especially at this difficult time in the Palestinian territory .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	79	Federal Act No. 29 of 2006 , on persons with special needs , was passed by the State to guarantee all rights and forms of care for the disabled in accordance with the relevant international conventions . The Government of the United Arab Emirates signed the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities and the related Optional Protocol in 2008 and accordingly will complete the constitutional steps for accession to the Convention and develop its domestic regulations in keeping with its international commitments regarding the rights of disabled persons . Women 's institutions in the United Arab Emirates
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	53	Nuclear-weapon States should be called upon not to share or export nuclear technology or know-how except for peaceful purposes ; to cease to update their own nuclear-weapon systems or produce new weapons ; and to begin to eliminate their own nuclear arsenals within a specific time frame . No nuclear missiles should be kept in a state of preparedness , and all such missiles should be withdrawn from foreign military bases . Negotiations should begin on a treaty on dismantling nuclear weapons and eliminating double standards in nuclear policy .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	59	Thus , the view was also expressed that an explicit mandate from the General Assembly would be required for the Committee to consider new proposals relating to the revision of the Charter of the United Nations or the structure of the Organization . At its 256th meeting , on 25 February 2009 , the Special Committee decided not to keep the above-mentioned proposal on its agenda . Annex
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	92	The General Assembly was invited to approve the renovation , to authorize the Secretary-General to enter into commitments of up to $ 4 , 490 , 400 under sections 1 and 32 of the programme budget for the biennium 2006-2007 and to request the Secretary-General to report on the expenditure in the context of the second performance report for 2006-2007 . Mr. Saha ( Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions ) , introducing the related report of the Advisory Committee ( A/61/523 ) , said that , in keeping with proper budget procedure , the proposal to renovate the Secretary-General 's residence should have been submitted as part of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2006-2007 rather than as a revised estimate in the middle of the biennium . The renovation should be carried out in strict compliance with established procedures , including open bidding .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	46	Employers are required to keep a copy of their employees ' Right to Work documents , which confirm their residential status . The Housing Department 's Housing Control Inspectorate is legally empowered call at places of work to inspect the records that employers are required to keep . During the reporting period , only a very small number of cases have been brought against those employers that have failed to comply with the Right to Work Law .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	46	They have also concluded that the necessarily general nature of the description of many items in the annexes to the plan renders it impossible to determine definitively whether or not an item is notifiable under the provisions of resolution 1051 ( 1996 ) . They will keep the matter under review and provide further assessment in the light of additional information that may become available in applications submitted to the Security Council Committee . The distribution plan and the letter dated 25 July 2000 from the Executive Director of the Iraq Programme addressed to the Permanent Representative of Iraq to the United Nations , conveying my acceptance of the plan , are attached .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	39	( n ) Establish a roster of or select officers qualified to act as officers in charge of all police stations and/or prison facilities , and conduct regular on-the-job awareness courses ; ( o ) Improve detention conditions in keeping with the United Nations Standard Minimum Rules and Basic Principles for the Treatment of Prisoners ; ( p ) Conduct the evaluations and studies referred to in the Government 's note of 6 November 2000 in a timely manner and report to the Committee on the results .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	33	If an educational establishment applied certain criteria , they were the same for all students , without exception . Under the previous law , the Ministry of Education had not been required to keep separate data on Roma women and girls in education . It was , nonetheless , committed to helping children from disadvantaged backgrounds , in cooperation with regional and local authorities and school principals .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	37	Mr. Sigman ( United States of America ) noted that there were elements relating specifically to priority in the concept of control , which should be maintained in the text . However , it was important to keep the concept of possession separate from that of control . The latter had not evolved from the former , as stated in the current text .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	55	While continuous administrative oversight has kept the number of exceptions at a minimum , it should be noted that in certain cases they are unavoidable . For example , exceptions owing to the lack of availability of regular standards are dictated by the exigencies of specific situations , and their number can not therefore be kept constant or be forced to decrease without hampering the efficiency of the traveller 's missions . Moreover , in many cases , to compel a traveller to wait until the established standard of travel becomes available would result in extra costs for the Organization for the daily subsistence allowance over and above the cost of an upgrade ; an upgrade therefore remains the only cost-effective option .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	58	Welcomes further the endorsement of the report of the Forum Ministerial Committee on New Caledonia by leaders of the Pacific Islands Forum at its 36th Summit , in October 2005 in Papua New Guinea , and the continuing role of the Forum Ministerial Committee in monitoring developments in the Territory and encouraging closer regional engagements ; Decides to keep under continuous review the process unfolding in New Caledonia as a result of the signing of the Nouméa Accord ; Requests the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples to continue the examination of the question of the Non-Self-Governing Territory of New Caledonia and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its sixty-second session .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	19	Denmark is pleased to note recent positive developments in that region . We strongly encourage the countries concerned to keep those developments on track and to make certain that the remaining indictees are brought to The Hague . The Tribunals continue to contribute significantly to the fight against impunity .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	24	Head-on implementation of the Compact is of critical importance now . It is essential that Afghans , who own and lead the Compact , keep their commitment to the Compact in order to address issues such as fighting corruption and impunity , establishing the rule of law and building a culture of respect for human rights , especially women 's rights . The international community , for its part , needs to remain strongly committed to assisting Afghanistan in every way possible , to ensure that the gains made so far and the enormous effort invested will not be wasted .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	62	Welcomes the Declaration of the Presidents of South America , adopted at their second meeting , in Guayaquil , Ecuador , on 27 July 2002 , in which they declared South America a zone of peace and cooperation ; Commends the decision of the States of South America to ban the use or threat of use of force among themselves , in keeping with the principles and relevant provisions of the Charter of the United Nations and the Charter of the Organization of American States ; Also commends the decision of the States of South America to ban the siting , development , manufacture , possession , deployment , testing and use of any type of weapon of mass destruction , including nuclear , chemical , biological and toxic weapons , and their transport through the countries of the South American region , in accordance with the Treaty for the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons in Latin America and the Caribbean ( Treaty of Tlatelolco ) and other international conventions on the matter ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	98	As far as the “ Declaration of exceptional risk ” by the Security Council or General Assembly was concerned , consensus had been reached on the advisability of recommending that the Secretary-General should advise the Council or the Assembly when , in his view , circumstances would support a declaration of exceptional risk for the purposes of article 2 , paragraph ( 1 ) of the Convention . With regard to the question of designating the Secretary-General as certifying authority , it had been agreed that a General Assembly resolution should include a provision confirming that , in keeping with his existing authority , the Secretary-General might provide , at the request of a Member State , information on matters of fact relevant to the application of the Convention . The debate on longer-term measure had disclosed a need to strengthen the existing contractual link requirement in the Convention rather than to dispense with it entirely , in order to ensure certainty , clarity and objectivity .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	23	( d ) Recalls paragraph 66 of its resolution 57/___ ; ( e ) Requests the Secretary-General , in this context , to keep the question of the equality between the six official languages on the web site under review and to submit proposals aimed at achieving full equality between the languages . Draft decision XXI Future operation of the International Research and Training Institute for the Advancement of Women
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	75	Letter dated 12 March 2004 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the Security Council I have the honour to refer to the statement by the President of the Security Council dated 20 November 2003 ( S/PRST/2003/23 ) , in which the Security Council called on the countries of the Great Lakes region and the international community to support the efforts of my Special Representative , Mr. Ibrahima Fall , and requested me to keep it informed of developments in the region . As I indicated in my report of 17 November 2003 ( S/2003/1099 ) , major progress has been made over the past six months towards the convening of an international conference on the Great Lakes region .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	55	Welcomes , in this regard , the accession by New Caledonia to the status of observer in the Pacific Islands Forum , continuing high-level visits to New Caledonia by delegations from countries of the Pacific region and high-level visits by delegations from New Caledonia to countries members of the Pacific Islands Forum ; Decides to keep under continuous review the process unfolding in New Caledonia as a result of the signing of the Nouméa Accord ; Also decides to continue the examination of the question of the Non-Self-Governing Territory of New Caledonia and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	42	Because of their high legitimacy and political attraction , the Millennium Development Goals provide points of references for such evaluations . At the national level , countries have started to prepare national reports with the help of United Nations country teams to keep track of progress towards the Goals . Some developed countries have informally indicated their intention to report on their own progress towards fulfilling their development commitments .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	11	This will be covered more fully later . It should be kept in mind that the ease or difficulty with which a town or city can convert to the proposed plan is directly dependent upon the financial condition of that town or city . Fortunately , there are no cities or towns in the state , with one or two possible exceptions that are in too difficult a position to finance the proposed change .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	65	Malaysia supports the expansion of both categories of membership , based on equitable geographical distribution so as to make it more broadly representative , reflecting the geopolitics of today . Malaysia wishes once again to reiterate its view position that , if there is no agreement on the expansion in the permanent membership , we should proceed with expansion of the non-permanent membership , while keeping the issue of the expansion of the permanent membership on the active agenda of the United Nations . The reform should also address the question of the veto with a view to eventually doing away with it , in conformity with the principle of sovereign equality as envisaged in the Charter .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	62	We hope we will be able to find the necessary flexibility in our consideration of this matter , as we are receiving new positive signals from among the permanent members , indicating some degree of openness to considering restrictions on the use of this power . With your commitment , Mr. President , we are confident that it will be possible to keep the subject of Security Council reform a high priority on the international agenda and to allow the United Nations general membership to move the process to the next step . The United Nations urgently needs to adapt to the realities of the new century .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	63	As a conclusion of the 2003 session on information society statistics , it was regarded as important to continue to work on the measurement of ICT investments , impacts on business processes , and defining and measuring intangibles . The broad concept of a knowledge-based society , including the measurement of human capital and issues related to jobless growth , is also worth keeping it on the agenda . OECD is leading a task force on short-term indicators for services , the aim of which is to obtain better international comparability : the expected output will be a recommendation manual .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	75	Security for religious events and official and unofficial gatherings held by members of the diplomatic corps at embassy headquarters or in homes is ensured , with direct coordination through a liaison officer designated by the competent directorate specifically for that purpose , under the supervision of the head of the directorate and the instructions of Public Security . From the foregoing one can see that the measures in question are adequate and apposite and in keeping with international obligations . It should be borne in mind that the Ministry and the embassies have coordinated the designation by the latter of the responsible officials and their telephone numbers for the purposes of coordination in the event of any such incident .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	88	The Committee reminds the State party of its general recommendation 27 ( 2000 ) on discrimination against Roma and encourages the State party to adopt and put into effect national strategies and programmes and display resolute political will to improve the situation of the Roma and protect them against discrimination by State agencies , as well as by all persons and organizations . While the Committee welcomes with satisfaction the fact that the current Constitution recognizes the right of indigenous peoples and Afro-Ecuadorian communities to administer justice in keeping with their cultures and traditions , it expresses concern that this legal recognition has not been reflected in practice in a model of administration of justice which applies indigenous law ( art . B , para. 5 ( e ) ) and urges the State party to ensure respect for and recognition of the traditional systems of justice of the indigenous peoples , in conformity with international human rights law .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	64	He was sure that the same spirit of good faith and determination would guide work on mines other than anti-personnel mines in 2004 . The settlement of issues relating to explosive remnants of war could serve as an important confidence-building measure in a post-conflict situation , and therefore the protocol should not prevent the parties in such a situation from concluding appropriate arrangements in keeping with international law . The provision of assistance and cooperation could not be imposed on one particular party to a conflict , and he emphasized that the expressions “ when appropriate ” , “ as soon as feasible ” , “ where feasible ” and “ in a position to do so ” in the protocol were subject to evaluation by the State party requested to provide assistance or perform activities related to explosive remnants of war in post-conflict situations .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	71	It is important that agencies and international organizations that have designed and are administering regulatory processes , or developing new ones , structure them to take full advantage of available information technology , especially electronic reporting , and design their administrative processes to be as compatible as possible with other agencies ' information systems , particularly customs automated data systems . Some agencies have not fully implemented electronic reporting and record keeping , which is the most effective way to facilitate comparison of customs data and information from other law enforcement agencies so as to detect illegal shipments . Efforts to implement bar-coded electronic manifests and to furnish compliance data in a secure and harmonized electronic form will improve the ability of law enforcement agencies to detect and track illegal shipments .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	45	Reiterates its firm support for the mission of good offices of the Secretary-General in order to assist the parties in complying with the request made by the General Assembly in its resolutions on the question of the Falkland Islands ( Malvinas ) ; Decides to keep under review the question of the Falkland Islands ( Malvinas ) subject to the directives that the General Assembly has issued and may issue in that regard . Resolution 1490 ( 2003 )
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	37	In addition to pregnancy and childbirth leave , women may take , on application , additional leave without pay to care for a child up to the age of three years . Their jobs or posts are kept for them during such additional leave . Women and men who adopt a new-born child directly from the maternity home may take , on application , additional leave without pay to care for the child up to the age of three years , and their jobs or posts are kept for them during such additional leave .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	42	HIV/AIDS should be a horrible example for the Council , which last year decided that it was a security problem and Blue Helmets a risk factor . The Council never explained how spreading this canard either helped the fight against AIDS or kept the peace , unless it was telling Governments that if they went to war , it would send them pox-riddled Blue Helmets to keep the peace afterwards , and felt this would be such a terrible threat that no State would dare breach the peace . Maybe this was what the Council did have in mind , because , after it adopted its resolution with much fanfare and an African State asked that peacekeepers sent to it by the United Nations be screened for HIV/AIDS , both Council and Secretariat , appalled that they should have been taken at their word , have been pressing it ever since not to insist .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	87	The Council also asked the secretariat to convey to the secretariat of the Security Council the request of the Governing Council for the translation of the report of the Board of Auditors on the financial statements of the Compensation Commission for the biennium 2002-2003 , and kept the consideration of the report on its agenda . The Council gave preliminary consideration to the phasing-out of the Compensation Commission in the light of an information note prepared by the secretariat , dated 11 November 2004 and decided to keep this matter on its agenda . The Council took note of the report of the Committee on Administrative Matters to the Governing Council ( S/AC.26/2004/R.38 ) , detailing the discussions and outcome of its seventeenth meeting , held in Geneva on 16 November 2004 , to discuss proposed amendments to the budget of the Executive Secretary for the biennium 2004-2005 .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	32	And people are realizing more and more that civil defence and the military have an interest in working more closely together . At the decision-making level , the question of whether to keep two different decision-making forums , one for civil defence operations and one for military operations , is now on the table . Cooperation between these two poles is clearly necessary when dealing with major crises .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	25	It was reported that the reasons for the stock of pharmaceuticals , medical supplies and medical equipment are multiple and complex . The Committee will keep the situation under review . To simplify the processing of contracts for sending humanitarian supplies to Iraq , the Committee revised , early in September 1999 , the Guidance on the completion of requests and notifications to ship goods to Iraq .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	38	Bahrain has had free and fair parliamentary and municipal elections , and Bahraini women have gained the right to vote and serve in the legislature as part of their widening political participation . These significant steps are in keeping with our conviction that human rights are the cornerstone of the State based on the rule of law ruled by our country 's sovereign , His Majesty King Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa , King of Bahrain , God preserve him . They have gained the trust and appreciation of the entire world , made Bahrain a leader , and reinforced the values of national unity .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	21	He strode past the now frightened man , entered the house . Miguel and Arturo Ramirez remained on the veranda to keep Harper from interfering . The others followed Brannon inside .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	56	We support the efforts of the international community to help East Timor achieve independence . In the light of the actual situation , it will still be necessary after independence for the international community to continue to provide the necessary assistance to East Timor so that the East Timorese people may truly achieve self-governance , in keeping with their own aspirations . In its report , the Council 's mission recommended a follow-on presence of the United Nations in East Timor .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	52	In preparing the report , the Special Rapporteur had been confronted with questions of terminology , i.e. whether to speak of “ expulsion ” of aliens , which when looking at national legislation was a term covering a more limited phenomenon than removing aliens . Nevertheless , his tentative preference was to keep the term “ expulsion ” , even if it had to be defined broadly . Similarly , it remained to be considered whether the reference to “ aliens ” was sufficiently accurate .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	65	In addition , ISPA ( Internet Service Providers Austria ) has installed a hotline called “ Stopline ” , and collaborates with the Federal Ministry of the Interior and Internet service providers and allows any Internet users to report on right-wing extremist content . In addition , Austrian legislation provides for an Internet provider to be held responsible for knowingly publishing prohibited contents , or keeping such contents on her/his server , in order to combat dissemination of such contents on the Internet . In combating discrimination , the Government of Chile has set up the Tolerance and Non-Discrimination Programme under the Social Organization Division of the Ministry of the Interior .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	41	The ERC also recommended that the Government manage major components of business costs so that Singapore could stay internationally competitive . In particular , foreign worker policies should be flexible enough to allow companies to employ the workers they need , keep their overall costs of production down and make their operations here more viable . Finally , the Government must continue helping Singaporeans affected by the downturn .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	21	Libya has complied with all the conditions laid down by the Security Council . We therefore call on the Council to keep its part of the bargain . Still on the subject of Libya , the Government of the Gambia would like to congratulate President Muammar Al-Qadhafi for the preponderant role that he played to defuse the hostage crisis in the Philippines , in the spirit of goodwill and respect for human rights .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	48	Encourages the United Nations Population Fund and the United Nations Development Programme to consult each other on the feasibility of developing a common regulation concerning contributions from non-governmental sources and to report to the Executive Board at its third regular session 2000 ; Requests the Executive Director to keep the Financial Regulations under active review , including with regard to taking into account any adjustment that may facilitate the implementation of the United Nations Development Assistance Framework and to consult accordingly with members of the Executive Board . 28 January 2000
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	24	No , the fish could eat their bodies for all the Sturch cared . Hal felt sorry for Mary ; he had a time keeping the tears from welling to his own eyes as he stood in the crowd in the observation dome . Yet , he told himself , this was the best way .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	60	This regulatory enactment prohibits residents of the Republic of Uzbekistan from making settlements related to export and import operations with foreign partners through such firms ' accounts with foreign banks . When business entities ( individuals and legal entities ) open accounts in banks , a legal file of the client is opened in which documents identifying the client are kept . The legal file includes the following information on the client : a copy of the certificate concerning the State registration of the business entity indicating the personal statistical code and identification number of the taxpayer , and a notarized specimen of the signatures of the director and the head accountant and an impression of the stamp ( Instruction No. 1080 on accounts opened in banks of the Republic of Uzbekistan of 10 November 2001 ) .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	82	In 2003 , the HR Committee noted that the criteria applied for granting financial assistance to religious communities ( such as membership of a religion recognized worldwide and officially in at least one European Union country ) might give rise to compatibility problems with the ICCPR . It recommended that Luxembourg guarantee non-discriminatory treatment of communities of religion and belief in respect of financial assistance , and ensure that all criteria in this regard are revised to guarantee that they are in keeping with the ICCPR . Also in 2003 , the HR Committee was concerned that , for a large number of offences , the systematic deprivation of the right to vote is an additional penalty in criminal cases .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	31	Microfinance institutions themselves may also exclude some of the poorest potential clients , fearing risk of their default . Loan defaults can quickly turn into an uncontrollable epidemic unless they are kept at a very low incidence . Many of the poorest people may desperately need non-financial support , such as food , grants or guaranteed employment , before they can make good use of loans or deposit services .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	18	Brazil has long advocated the need to integrate a development component into peacekeeping operations . The road from keeping to building peace should be seen as a continuum along which the seeds of a long-lasting peace must be spread in tandem with the provision of prompt and concrete peace dividends to the population . Our experience in peacekeeping operations in Haiti and Timor-Leste and , more recently , in coordinating peacebuilding efforts in Guinea-Bissau have reinforced our conviction of the correctness of such an integrated approach .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	55	In his view , the main issue of concern was the establishment of special courts . During his visit , he was informed that eight special courts had been established at the same time in North and South Darfur in May 2001 “ because robbery has no boundaries ” , that they were established in keeping with Sudanese laws and that they are composed of three judges , one civilian and two military members . All those tried by the special courts were reportedly given legal representation and the right to appeal .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	46	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of programmes of assistance for the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations decisions related to decolonization , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly ,
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	53	Let me further point out that one of the concerns which has motivated Colombia from the outset — and this was very aptly highlighted by the United Kingdom — has been a concern for managing the time of the Council and administering its work well . Hence the importance of being rigorous in keeping to the agenda but also flexible enough to cope with unexpected situations as they arise . This , for instance , is what happened with regard to the situation in the Middle East .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	57	Article 138 foresees the possibility of making a medical or health service available to workers , and requires evacuation to the nearest medical facility for injured or sick workers who can not receive adequate care in this in-house medical service . The Labour Code regulates the work of pregnant or nursing women , who must not be kept at tasks that require excessive force or that are dangerous or inconvenient for their condition and health ( article 67 ( 2 ) ) . Article 68 provides that , at time of delivery , a salaried woman has the right to suspend work for 12 consecutive weeks , including two mandatory weeks before the presumed date of delivery and six mandatory weeks after delivery , and the employer is prohibited from giving her notice of termination during her maternity leave .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	32	Lebanon would like to assure you that it is providing full freedom of movement to UNIFIL throughout its entire region of operations and is very keen to preserve it . Lebanon will keep on maintaining the same position . ( Signed ) Mahmoud Hammoud Minister for Foreign Affairs and Immigrants
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	44	Bangladesh asked about the specific policy guidelines and institutional mechanism to protect the interests of migrant workers and about the latest situation regarding the repeal of banishment of foreigners . Bangladesh recommended , to reinforce the suggestions made by different treaty bodies , in keeping with its commitment to protect and promote human rights , that Monaco ( a ) consider establishing an independent human rights commission according to the Paris Principles . It also recommended that Monaco ( b ) make sustained efforts to realize its commitments to contribute to the achievement of internationally-agreed development goals by raising its aid financing to at least 0.7 per cent of its GDP .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	130	Among the many severe measures taken by the First Emperor , Shih Huang-ti , in his efforts to insure the continuation of this hard-won national unity , was the burning of the books in 213 B. C. , with the expressed intention of removing possible sources for divergent thinking ; but , as he had a special fondness for magic and divination , he ordered that books on these subjects should be spared . Many of the latter were destroyed in their turn , during the burning of the vast Ch ' in palace some ten years later ; yet some must have survived , because the old interest in number symbolism , divination , and magic persisted on into the Han dynasty , which succeeded in reuniting China and keeping it together for a longer period ( from 202 B. C. to A. D. 220 ) . In fact , during the first century B. C. , an extensive literature sprang up devoted to these subjects , finding its typical expression in the so-called `` wei books '' , a number of which were specifically devoted to the Lo Shu and related numerical diagrams , especially in connection with divination .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	51	The contribution by civil society , including the mass information media , to the protection of human rights against terrorism . Universal recognition and implementation of the right to protection against terrorism on the part of every person , regardless of his nationality and whereabouts as a right that is in keeping with the ideal of a free individual living in an environment free of fear and unlawful violence . Proposals and contributions received from Governments
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	25	Eliminating poverty and keeping the pledge of quality education for all comes down to a single question . Is there the political will necessary to keep the promises made to our children ? Governments are responsible for achieving , or enabling the achievement of , the goals and targets that have been set for education .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	60	There has been an increase in the number of trips taken by such personnel , from 26 in the two-year period ended 30 June 2004 to 35 in the period under review . On 18 March 1998 , the Secretary-General decided that , as an exception , all travel of the Deputy Secretary-General should be in first class , in keeping with his/her special status . As regards practical arrangements , efforts are first made to obtain upgrades to first class against payment of the full business-class fare .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	35	We believe that informal consultations should be formally treated as closed private meetings of the Council . Otherwise , they should be somehow institutionalized in order to ensure that appropriate records of the decisions are kept and that the provisions of Articles 31 and 32 of the Charter are not circumvented in the work of the Council , thus allowing for appropriate access and participation by affected States . The second issue that eludes consensus relates to the need to improve the way the Security Council interacts with the General Assembly and other main bodies of the Organization .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	74	I would like to add that in most of those situations United Nations operations have benefited from a robust , multidimensional mandate supported by a sanctions regime that is generally adequate . But , as shown by the indefinite extension of some of the oldest peacekeeping operations , it appears that we must face the fact that the crucial factor for conflict settlement remains the unambiguous political will of parties to a conflict to keep their commitments and the trust that necessarily must be established among them . While the Charter has given to the Security Council enforcement measures that allow it to deal with the lack of political will on the part of one of the parties to a conflict , this does not come into play if there is distrust among the parties .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	35	Invites the Special Rapporteur to provide updates , as appropriate , of his reports on the situation of human rights in Afghanistan to the General Assembly and the Commission on Human Rights ; Decides to keep the situation of human rights in Afghanistan under consideration at its fifty-eighth session , in the light of additional elements provided by the Commission on Human Rights and the Economic and Social Council . Resolution 217 A ( III ) .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	78	It was surprising , therefore , to note how greatly the draft resolution was at variance with their statements . Myanmar had hoped for a draft that would reflect the positive developments that had taken place and noted in that regard the meritorious efforts of the countries of the Association of South-East Asian Nations ( ASEAN ) , Japan and certain friendly countries , including some sponsors of the draft , to arrive at a document more in keeping with reality . Despite a few improvements , the draft lacked balance and gave an unfair assessment of the situation in Myanmar .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	45	Robert Muggah , “ Caught in the Crosshairs : The Humanitarian Impact of Small Arms ” , draft chapter for Small Arms Survey , 2002 , p. 9 . Muggah and Berman , Humanitarianism Under Threat , pp. 4-5 , the United Nations does not keep statistics on which direct injuries were suffered as a result of armed violence . Kofi Annan , “ We the Peoples ” : The Role of the United Nations in the 21st century , United Nations , New York , 2000 , p. 52 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	35	These are : Anguilla , British Virgin Islands , Cayman Islands , Montserrat , Turks and Caicos Islands , Aruba and the Netherlands Antilles . The programmes vary in content but are all implemented in keeping with UNDP programming and operational rules , including through emphasis on the national execution modality . Decisions adopted by the Executive Board of UNDP/United Nations Population Fund ( UNFPA ) and , in particular , those relating to resource allocation and cooperation with net contributor countries , apply in substance to all aspects of programming with these Territories .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	28	It also established a separate Government of Southern Sudan with its own budget , constitution , laws , army and ministries . The Government of Southern Sudan will keep these powers until a referendum in 2011 , in which the people of southern Sudan will decide whether to become an independent State or remain part of a unified Sudan . The Comprehensive Peace Agreement established a set of ceasefire monitoring institutions supported by UNMIS , and requires the Government 's Sudanese Armed Forces to leave southern Sudan by 2007 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	73	The aforementioned article of the Constitution provides that Spaniards are equal before the law . The same judge that ruled against the author pointed out that the jurisprudence on equality between the sexes in the matter of titles of nobility that was established by the Supreme Court over the course of a decade ( from 1986 to 1997 ) and which was later set aside by the Constitutional Court seemed “ more in keeping with the social reality of the time in which we live and which this court shares ” . She also added she “ sympathizes with the author 's position ” and she encourages the author and other women of noble birth who are discriminated against to “ continue to institute proceedings in defence of their rights and to make use of every available instance with a view to modifying the position of the Constitutional Court or even obtaining an amendment of the legislation on this subject ” .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	126	Commends the important role the Special Rapporteur continues to play towards the elimination of extrajudicial , summary or arbitrary executions and encourages the Special Rapporteur to continue , within the mandate as defined in Commission resolution 2001/45 , to collect information from all concerned , to respond effectively to reliable information that comes before her , to follow up on communications and country visits and to seek the views and comments of Governments and to reflect them as appropriate in the elaboration of her reports ; Strongly urges all States to cooperate with and assist the Special Rapporteur so that her mandate may be carried out effectively , including , where appropriate , by issuing invitations to the Special Rapporteur when she so requests , in keeping with the usual terms of reference for missions by special rapporteurs of the Commission on Human Rights and to respond to the communications transmitted to them by the Special Rapporteur ; Expresses its appreciation to those States that have invited the Special Rapporteur to visit their countries , asks them to examine carefully the recommendations made by the Special Rapporteur , invites them to report to the Special Rapporteur on the actions taken on those recommendations and requests other States , including those mentioned in the report of the Special Rapporteur , to cooperate in a similar way ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	42	The Special Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly that the Committee continue to be represented at seminars , meetings and conferences organized by United Nations bodies and other intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations active in the field of decolonization . In keeping with its decision of 17 February 2005 , the Committee would authorize its Chairman to hold consultations , as appropriate , concerning its participation in those meetings , as well as the level of representation , when accepting invitations . In accordance with established practice and on the basis of the principle of rotation , the Chairman would hold consultations with the Bureau members , who , in turn , would consult with the members of the Committee from their respective regional groups .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	64	In undertaking and supporting R & D projects/activities , the Department gives priority to those that ( a ) address the most urgent problems of society ; ( b ) are “ use-inspired ” or demand-driven ; ( c ) enhance private sector participation ; and ( d ) build the competence and long-term capability of the Philippine S & T community . In keeping with the new social contract , R & D activities that promote intergenerational equity ( i.e. benefit future generations ) will also be given high priority . The DOST works in tandem with the Department of Agriculture in implementing a comprehensive R & D program under the Agriculture and Fisheries Modernization Act ( AFMA ) .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	82	The committee also was responsible for commissioning studies on the situation of women in Bhutan ; three studies were completed , with international assistance , on health , water and sanitation , and education. Although few specific follow-up actions have been taken with regard to CEDAW , an existing forum of gender focal points in various Ministries has now been revitalised under the leadership of the Planning Commission Secretariat and will focus on greater sharing , learning and capacity building . In keeping with its obligations to submit periodic reports on its implementation of the Convention , Bhutan thus offers this document . 3.1 Commitment to Women
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	71	The Chairman said that he had received communications from the President of the United Nations Staff Union and the President of the Federation of International Civil Servants ' Associations ( FICSA ) requesting access to address the Fifth Committee under agenda items 126 ( Human resources management ) and 127 ( United Nations common system ) . He took it that , in accordance with General Assembly resolution 35/213 and in keeping with the Committee 's practice at previous sessions of the General Assembly , the Committee wished to invite those staff representatives to make oral statements in connection with agenda items 126 and 127 . It was so decided .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	47	First of all I would like to welcome warmly the representatives of the NGO Working Group on Peace of the NGO Committee on the Status of Women , who , as in previous years , have attended a seminar to mark International Women 's Day . In keeping with a long tradition , the participants in this year 's seminar have addressed a message to the Conference on Disarmament . For more than 20 years the Geneva disarmament community has been organizing International Women 's Day seminars , which have been a platform for considering the perspective of women on disarmament , peace and security , and the role women can play in fostering progress in these areas .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	73	In spite of measures taken in many countries to close down UNITA representation , these structures have been reorganized and remain intact , possibly even reinforced by a new structure said to consist of younger , educated UNITA officials who travel wherever necessary . As mentioned above , the fact that the safe use of Andulo or any other Angolan town can no longer be assured means that virtually all transactions aimed at keeping the UNITA military machinery alive must be undertaken outside Angola . The objective of the sanctions against UNITA representations and senior UNITA officials is to prevent these support structures from maintaining this machinery and to keep them from selling diamonds to procure needed supplies and undertaking financial transactions necessary to that end .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	112	( b ) Violations of the principle of tolerance in the area of religion or belief , namely : policies , practices and acts of religious intolerance stemming from the State and society , in particular non-State entities such as communities of religion or belief and political or religious groups , the strongest manifestations of which relate to religious ( inter or intra religious ) extremism . ( c ) Violations of the freedom of thought , conscience , religion or belief , namely : policies , legislation or regulations , practices or acts that are contrary to the principle of conscientious objection and freedom to change one 's religion or to keep one 's religion or beliefs ; ( d ) Violations of the freedom to manifest one 's religion or belief , namely : policies , legislation or regulations , practices or acts that constitute control , interference , prohibition or excessive limitation of the freedom to manifest one 's religion or belief ;
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	12	Article 21 Argentina , Chile , Denmark , Mexico and Uruguay preferred keeping the article as drafted . Guatemala and the Netherlands proposed using the language of the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities , article 14 .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	39	By acting hastily , the Council chose a confrontational approach , but the Government of the Sudan is always ready to engage in dialogue on this issue , in which it is the main interested party . We will keep the doors open to unlimited and unconditional cooperation with the international community and all peace-loving countries , in conformity with all principles and practices that respect its sovereignty and independence and that take account of its people 's specific characteristics , values and heritage . A lasting peace in Darfur is and will always be a strategic objective of our Government and the overriding will of our people .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	67	He hoped that in seeking to fill the limited number of posts recommended by the Advisory Committee , the Department of Peacekeeping Operations would recruit more technical staff , including administrators and military , police , human rights and legal experts , from developing countries , which was , after all , where most peacekeeping operations took place . Such an approach would not only be in keeping with the letter and the spirit of Articles 100 and 101 of the Charter of the United Nations but also restore confidence in the United Nations and address Member States ' concerns about lack of transparency and imbalance in the recruitment of personnel . In particular , troop-contributing countries should be properly represented in the Department of Peacekeeping Operations .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	42	Serbia reported that it had not taken measures providing for such notifications . Reporting on the implementation of measures to require financial institutions to keep adequate records , as prescribed in paragraph 3 , Azerbaijan stated that such records had to be kept for a minimum of 5 years after termination of the customer relationship , while Croatia indicated that such records had to be kept for 4 or 10 years , depending on their nature . Bulgaria stated that its Agency for financial intelligence kept a register of questionable clients and payments , but did not indicate whether it required financial institutions to maintain adequate records .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	77	Chapter VII - Art.51 : Everyone has the right to an education . This right is guaranteed by the free and widespread system of schools , semi-boarding and boarding schools and scholarships of all kinds at all levels of education , and because of the fact that all educational material is provided free of charge , which gives all children and young people , regardless of their family 's economic position , the opportunity to study in keeping with their ability , social demands and the needs of socio-economic development . Adults are also guaranteed this right , and education for them is free of charge , with the specific facilities regulated by law , by means of the adult education program , technical and vocational education , training courses in state agencies and enterprises and the advanced courses for workers .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	8	Record-keeping by brokers Brokers are usually required to keep adequate records for a specific length of time of their brokering activities , including commercial and official documents on brokered transactions and transfers in small arms and light weapons in which they have been authorized to engage . In addition , they may be required to submit periodically specific reports on their arms brokering activities to national authorities .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	30	“  To make unhindered use of nationwide and universal cultural achievements ; “  To engage in all types of professional and non-professional ( amateur ) creative activity in keeping with their interests and abilities ; “  To acquire intellectual property , to preserve the secrets of one 's skill and to make unhindered use of creative achievements ;
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	40	We have success stories in Sierra Leone , Angola and , lately , Liberia . The continued engagement of the international community in Côte d'Ivoire and the Democratic Republic of the Congo shows that the experiences over the years in keeping the peace in Africa have taught us all valuable lessons and invariably galvanized the requisite support . We therefore wish to urge that , even in the most intractable cases — such as in Darfur , where atrocities are being prosecuted against innocent civilians — we must resolve to remain engaged in the search for solutions .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	46	Moreover , the text showed a disregard for the right to due process and the presumption of innocence , which were universally recognized human rights . Her country was firmly committed to the fight against transnational organized crime and recognized the importance of international cooperation in keeping with the principle of shared responsibility . It therefore joined the consensus for the adoption of the draft resolution .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	147	To request the secretariat to value the claim of an Iranian deceased detainee on the basis of the methodology developed by the D1 Panel of Commissioners and applied to the other deceased detainee claims and decision 218 concerning mental pain and anguish for the families of deceased detainees ; that the secretariat provide the valuation results to the members of the D1 Panel of Commissioners for their review ; and that the Executive Secretary report the results to the Governing Council for its consideration at the December session . To request the secretariat to provide further information on the issue of the request of the Government of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland concerning Commission claim No. 4002126 filed by Lloyd 's Syndicate No. 1131 for further consideration by the Governing Council at a future informal meeting of the Working Group ; and to keep this issue on the agenda with a view to taking a decision at the December session of the Council . To take note of the report of the Executive Secretary on the distribution of payments and transparency and the return of undistributed funds , and to request the secretariat to continue to inform the Governing Council of the reports of Governments and international organizations on the distribution of payments and the return of undistributed funds .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	30	He gives an opinion on applications for naturalization or restoration of Monegasque nationality . Under the supervision of the Principal Public Prosecutor , he performs the duties of registrar ( keeping civil registers ) and judicial police officer ( with the power to take part in investigations into crimes , offences and infractions , issue tickets , and receive complaints or reports ) . The Communal Council must be consulted by the Minister of State on proposed town-planning projects , civil-engineering projects , State or private building construction projects ( major projects requiring special dispensation , especially in Monaco-Ville ) , proposals for the creation or elimination of green spaces , and projects likely to change the city 's appearance , attractiveness or traffic flows .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	48	One NGO representative identified programme coherence issues in the World Bank and IMF definitions of “ debt sustainability ” and the Millennium Development Goals . For example , the definition included income flows from commodity exports , which were highly volatile ; yet developing countries were expected to keep their debt level quite stable . She also stressed the importance of impartiality in any new sovereign debt restructuring mechanism .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	54	In addition to the general rules for safe carriage of dangerous goods , and the requirements of the Law on Control of Foreign Trade in Arms and Dual-Use Goods and Technologies , the following requirements are effective in civil aviation : Special procedure for handling requests for flights carrying cargoes of arms , and keeping the relevant accompanying documentation . Additional security measures for such cargoes in the airport areas .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	23	Endorses the conclusions and recommendations of the Committee contained in chapter VII of its report ; 1 Requests the Committee to continue to keep under review the situation relating to the question of Palestine and to report and make suggestions to the General Assembly or the Security Council , as appropriate ; Authorizes the Committee to continue to exert all efforts to promote the exercise of the inalienable rights of the Palestinian people , to make such adjustments in its approved programme of work as it may consider appropriate and necessary in the light of developments , to give special emphasis to the need to mobilize support and assistance for the Palestinian people and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session and thereafter ;
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	28	It was not until he moved across the porch that he became aware of them , and then it was too late . They closed in fast , kept him from reaching inside his coat for his gun . `` Just come along '' , Brannon told him .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	15	Her bright eyes were twinkling . She said , `` Sometimes I think they are keeping religion for us while we play around . Your mother hated this way of life .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	28	UNHCR is committed to monitoring future developments and will consider setting up a provision for uncollected voluntary contributions receivable when financial prudence so requires . This is in keeping with the spirit of the United Nations accounting standards , which require a provision when collection is deemed doubtful . Comments of the Board
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	53	Part of the process will be determining precisely what international assistance is needed in each of the areas identified by the Government and by the Secretary-General . Regarding police advisers , civilian advisers and military liaison officers , more modest United Nations support in each of those areas may be sufficient and in keeping with our goal of turning over more responsibility to the Timor-Leste Government . Mr. Wang Guangya ( China ) ( spoke in Chinese ) : At the outset , please allow me to express my condolences to the Government and the people of Bangladesh with regard to the peacekeepers who were killed in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. My condolences go also to the families of the victims .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	72	( b ) To continue to consider , on a priority basis , the question of the implementation of the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations related to assistance to third States affected by the application of sanctions under Chapter VII of the Charter by commencing a substantive debate on all of the related reports of the Secretary-General and the proposals submitted on the question ; ( c ) To keep on its agenda the question of the peaceful settlement of disputes between States ; ( d ) To continue to consider proposals concerning the Trusteeship Council in the light of the report of the Secretary-General submitted in accordance with General Assembly resolution 50/55 of 11 December 1995 , the report of the Secretary-General entitled “ Renewing the United Nations : a programme for reform ” and the views expressed by States on this subject at previous sessions of the Assembly ;
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	68	The Chief of the Office on Defence Cooperation at the United States Embassy advised the Panel that the exact date of the arrival of the shipment had not been determined , but that it would take place within the early months of 2009 . The Panel was taken on a tour of the armoury , in which Special Security Services firearms and ammunition acquired from China are being kept ( S/2008/371 , para . The Assistant Director of Technical Services informed the Panel that the transfer of weapons from the temporary armoury to the new armoury was contingent upon receipt and installation of an air conditioner , which is required owing to the armoury 's location next to the ocean and the consequent high humidity that renders arms vulnerable to rust .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	83	But in a continuing environment of zero real growth budget , which the Agency has adhered to for over a decade , some of these priority demands can not be accommodated , or can be accommodated only through an increasing and excessive reliance on extra-budgetary resources — a reliance which has a negative impact on our ability to implement our programmes with the expected effectiveness and efficiency . I should also mention that the Agency is finding it increasingly difficult to recruit and keep qualified staff . Given our need for highly specialized technical personnel and the limited pool of resources , recruitment and retention is especially problematic for scientific staff , as well as in fields such as information technology .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	81	The SPT recommends that the Maldives Police Service develop a standardised and unified record for registering contemporaneously and comprehensively all key information about an individual 's deprivation of liberty and that police staff be trained to use this appropriately and consistently. The SPT recommends that the records should include at least the following information : Furthermore , the SPT recommends that , in order to ensure systematic recording of all relevant information , supervising officers should exercise strict oversight of record keeping . The SPT requests the Maldivian authorities to provide further information on the mandate and powers of the internal investigation department and the Police Disciplinary Board , the number and type of complaints lodged during the years 2007-2008 and the outcome of these investigations .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	54	Women have been central in the struggle against the sale of public water services to transnational corporations , e.g. , in Cochabamba , Bolivia , Atlanta , United States , and Dar es Salaam ( see also box 11 below ) . Recognizing the human right to water , they claim that Governments should keep their responsibility for public services and common resources , guaranteeing safe access to clean and affordable water resources , particularly for the poor and women . C. Global environmental change , including climate change
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	50	Ireland continues to support the valuable efforts of Ms. Radhika Coomaraswamy , Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Children and Armed Conflict , and her Office . She has done great work by raising awareness , engaging with parties to conflict through field visits and ensuring that this issue is kept high on the international agenda . Ireland further commends ongoing efforts on this crucial topic made by UNICEF , other United Nations agencies , funds and programmes , along with non-governmental organizations , regional organizations and national authorities .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	66	On 8 April , in a public briefing , the new Commissioner , Daniel Bellemare , presented the Commission 's tenth report . In the consultations of the whole that followed , members of the Council welcomed the progress made in the investigation , as well as the cooperation and assistance accorded by the Government of Lebanon to the Commission , and encouraged the Commission to keep up its work while paying attention to the process of transition to the Prosecutor 's Office of the Special Tribunal for Lebanon . On 2 June , the Council unanimously adopted resolution 1815 ( 2008 ) , by which it extended the mandate of the International Independent Investigation Commission until 31 December 2008 , while expressing its readiness to terminate the mandate earlier if the Commission reported that it had completed the implementation of its mandate .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	57	Refugees Urges States to comply with their obligations under international human rights , refugee and humanitarian law relating to refugees , asylum-seekers and displaced persons , and urges the international community to provide them with protection and assistance in an equitable manner and with due regard to their needs in different parts of the world , in keeping with principles of international solidarity , burden sharing and international cooperation to share responsibilities ; ( Adopted by 3rd PrepCom ) Urges States to take effective steps to protect refugee and internally displaced women and girls from violence and to investigate any such violations and to bring those responsible to justice , in collaboration , where appropriate , with the relevant competent organizations ; ( Adopted by 3rd PrepCom )
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	37	CPC could rearrange its programme of work , enhance its working methods and guide the Secretariat in further refining the basic elements of results-based budgeting and developing tools for measuring results . That would also be in keeping with the Secretary-General 's recommendation in action 21 ( c ) for a strengthened system of evaluation and monitoring that would better measure the impact of the work of the Organization . CPC would continue to hold annual sessions , but there would be a shift in its programme of work to concentrate on monitoring and evaluation .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	58	The notion that the husband is the head of the family is strong even among educated women , as it is also supported by religion and traditionally marriage is seen as the epitome of the woman 's life and a survival mechanism . For example , many professional women deviate from their career paths upon marriage , to keep the marriage and comply with the wishes of their husbands and families . The Privacy of the Family and Injustices The laws and society 's treatment of the family as a private sphere promotes dysfunctional families and violates the rights of most women .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	31	Domestic workers employed by companies or private homes were guaranteed an annual vacation and a Christmas bonus under a 1999 amendment to the Labour Code . The State Secretariat for Labour kept daily records of complaints filed by domestic workers over benefits or compensation ; however , much remained to be done in order to raise awareness of those relatively new rights . The State Secretariat for Labour was attempting to ensure that prostitutes and sex workers officially employed as waitresses , cooks or assistants in bars , restaurants and hotels were aware of their rights and received benefits by virtue of their working relationship with establishment owners .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	80	The Commission commends the efforts by the Government of Indonesia and the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs to find an early , durable and comprehensive solution to the question of East Timorese refugees in West Timor , East Nusa Tenggara Province , in particular through the Government of Indonesia-United Nations Joint Appeal launched on 27 November 2001 which refers , inter alia , to the ongoing voluntary repatriation programme . “ 9. The Commission decides to keep these matters under consideration and requests the High Commissioner to submit an interim report to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session and to report to the Commission at its fifty-ninth session on this question. ” Economic , social and cultural rights
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	48	It is right today to pay tribute to the work done and the sacrifices made by the troops and other personnel who have served in the African Union Mission in Darfur ( AMIS ) over the past three years . They have been peacekeepers without a peace to keep . The replacement of AMIS by the African Union/United Nations hybrid operation is an important step forward , but for peace to take root and to endure in Darfur , the hybrid operation needs to be part of a more comprehensive approach .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	40	The Bank of England reduced the interest rate to 5.5 per cent in December 2007 and to 5.25 per cent in March 2008 as worries about financial liquidity , housing prices and economic growth intensified . The European Central Bank kept the interest rate at 4 per cent as inflationary concerns outweighed economic growth . Japan 's economy was supported by resilience in the overseas economies in the fiscal year 2007 ; however , its growth slowed towards the end of the biennium ended March 2008 .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	46	The question of the death penalty should be examined from a human rights viewpoint as well as from a legal perspective . While it still existed , it should not be applied to minors , the number of crimes for which it was applicable should be kept to a minimum , and the persons liable to it should be given a proper trial . In Mexico , the death penalty had not been applied for more than 60 years , but many Mexicans had undergone death sentences abroad , or were on death row in countries which did apply the penalty .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	39	In view of these and other urgent needs , it is not possible for my country to make any payments at this time . Comoros continues to be committed to paying its contributions to the United Nations and will keep the issue of multi-year payment plans under continuous consideration , and as the country 's situation normalizes , will establish such a plan as a matter of priority , taking into account paragraph 1 of General Assembly resolution 57/4 B . It should be recalled that the General Assembly , aware of the fact that the non-payment of its contribution by my Government was due to conditions beyond its control , previously decided to exempt my country from the application of Article 19 , which we highly appreciate since it enables the Comoros to preserve all rights as a Member State , including the fundamental right to vote .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	26	The exchange between the Advisory Committee and the Under-Secretary-General for Political Affairs and other representatives was useful and informative . The Committee expresses its intention to keep the matter under review and , in that context , to hold similar meetings on a regular basis . Bearing in mind its observations and recommendations in the paragraphs above , the Advisory Committee recommends approval of a charge of $ 41 , 458 , 500 , inclusive of the amount of $ 11 , 113 , 400 approved by the General Assembly in its resolution 56/255 , for the 19 special political missions dealt with in the reports of the Secretary-General ( A/C.5/56/25 and Add.1-3 ) against the provision for special political missions requested under section 3 , Political affairs , of the programme budget for the biennium 2002-2003 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	111	This inalienable right of peoples , strengthened through the daily activities of Governments , intergovernmental organizations , the private sector and organized civil society , could constitute the beginning of a long and difficult path . Nevertheless , it is indispensable to laying the foundation of a new international architecture based on the full respect for life , an end to violence and the promotion and practice of non-violence through education , dialogue and international cooperation , as well as full respect for the principles of sovereignty , territorial integrity , the political independence of States and non-interference in matters that fall essentially within the domestic jurisdiction of States , in keeping with the Charter and international law . There are many tasks to be completed .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	58	However , the Committee is concerned that in most cases the definition of the crime of torture differs from one state to another , and that the crime is not mentioned in the Penal Code of the State of Guerrero . The State party should ensure that both federal and state legislation characterizes the crime of torture in keeping with international and regional standards , including the Convention against Torture and the Inter-American Convention to Prevent and Punish Torture . ( 12 ) The Committee takes note of the proposed reform of the whole system of justice , whose main objectives include the introduction of an accusatory and oral procedure for criminal cases , elimination of the evidentiary value of confessions not made before a judge , and the introduction of the presumption of innocence .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	54	Well aware of the importance attached to the protection and elevation of human dignity , Morocco also recommended that Saudi Arabia persist on this path , taking into account relevant international standards . It also recommended that Saudi Arabia identify and implement legal and procedural machinery to monitor and sanction cases of torture in keeping with national legislation and international commitments . It asked about current mechanisms to combat the scourge of human trafficking and requested clarification regarding efforts to increase women 's participation in the labour market .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	45	The Committee is also concerned at the lack of provisions on legal aid for disadvantaged persons . Moreover , the Committee is concerned at the length of police custody , which can last as long as 14 days , a period that is not in keeping with the generally accepted international norms on the subject . Finally , the Committee is deeply concerned at reports that there have been several hundred cases of illegal detention owing to the fact that persons were held in police custody longer than the period authorized by law ( arts. 2 and 11 ) .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	58	Ms. Shearouse ( United States of America ) said that the coordinator was to be commended for his extraordinary efforts in steering the Committee through difficult and complex negotiations . Regrettably , her delegation was unable to associate itself with the decision to be taken in the Committee on the programme budget , as it was not in keeping with her Government 's policy of strict budgetary discipline . Draft resolution A/C.5/54/L.35 , as orally revised , was adopted .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	87	( See , for example , the Second “ E4 ” Report at paragraph 108 , the Fourth “ E4 ” Report at paragraph 103 and the Fifth “ E4 ” Report at paragraph 105 with respect to the treatment of prepaid expenses ; and the Fourth “ E4 ” Report at paragraph 99 and the Fifth “ E4 ” Report at paragraph 104 with respect to the claims for reimbursement of bribes . W.J. Towell Agencies Co. seeks compensation for a stock of gold that was kept in its safe for investment purposes and which it claims was stolen during Iraq 's invasion and occupation of Kuwait . The claimant explained that the gold was not held for trading purposes , hence , there was no movement of the stock , and accordingly , it could not provide a roll-forward calculation to support the holding of this particular stock .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its sixtieth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Mission in the Sudan ” . Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	19	In the latter case , the husband and wife keep their ancestral names . Bridal couples who decide to keep their own names must decide at the time of marriage which of their unmarried names to give their children . If the Registry Office officials feel there is suitable justification they may free the bridal couple from making this declaration .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	63	Having considered the results of the valuation of the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Fund as at 31 December 2001 and the observations thereon by the Consulting Actuary of the Fund , the Committee of Actuaries and the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Board , Further takes note of the recommendation of the Board that the current contribution rate should be maintained but kept under review ; Approves , in principle , the changes in the benefit provisions of the Regulations of the Fund , as set out in annex XIV to the report of the Board , 1 that would eliminate the limitation on the right to restoration for existing and future participants , with implementation to begin at such time as the actuarial valuation of the Fund shows a clear upward pattern of surpluses ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	44	Among the relevant activities carried out by the Counter-Terrorism Committee this year , its efforts to make its revitalization process a reality , in conformity with the provisions of resolution 1535 ( 2004 ) , stand out . That process is moving forward in keeping with the guidelines set out in past quarterly programmes : the Executive Director has already been appointed ; the Executive Directorate 's organizational plan has been adopted ; and , during the current quarter , it is anticipated that the transition to the new structure will be completed . We hope that the new structure will become operational as soon as possible .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	69	The issue is the investor 's protection in the insolvencies of the “ new ” intermediate holders , that is , the various members of the two ( or more ) tiers of intermediate and central collective depositories . In economic terms , such risk is very low with respect to the various national central depositories , in so far as their functions are usually strictly limited to the keeping of central records and , under the “ certificate restricting systems ” ( see paras. 75-77 ) , to the deposit of immobilized or global certificates . Thus there is almost no credit exposure .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	77	In order to further enhance the discussion on the report of the Commission , it may be worthwhile to explore possibilities that the informal meeting of Legal Advisers identifies in advance of its meetings one or two topics on the agenda of the Commission which could be a subject of detailed discussion in such a forum , and where possible with the presence of the Special Rapporteur for the topic concerned . The Planning Group agreed to keep under review the possibility of the Commission convening a part of its session in New York . Working Group on Long-term Programme of Work
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	94	Decides to extend the mandate of the Mission for a new period terminating on 31 July 2000 , subject to a review by the Council of the mandate of the Mission in the event of any changes that may be made in the mandate or in the presence of the peacekeeping force , and expresses its intention to conduct a thorough review of the operation at the end of its current mandate , in the light of steps taken by the parties to achieve a comprehensive settlement ; Requests the Secretary-General to continue to keep the Council regularly informed and to report three months from the date of the adoption of the present resolution on the situation in Abkhazia , Georgia ; Decides to remain actively seized of the matter .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	45	“ Expectation management ” is thus an important component in the political economy of oil revenue decision-making . Participants agreed that part of the policy and strategy associated with successful oil revenue management is the required discipline to maintain strong monetary policies in order to keep inflation and currency appreciation in tow . This task falls heavily on the shoulders of the central banks and the ministries of finance .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	29	The constructive dialogue between Belgrade and Pristina and between UNMIK and the Kosovo Assembly is an essential element for the success of this undertaking . The Kosovo Assembly must keep to its areas of competence , in conformity with resolution 1244 ( 1999 ) and the Constitutional Framework , to avoid situations such as those that occurred on 8 and 28 July . We reiterate that , without the significant and sustainable return of internally displaced persons — who total 2 , 400 as a result of March 's violence — and refugees , despite the recent setbacks ; without sufficient freedom of movement ; and without the disappearance of the parallel institutions , the rebuilding of a multi-ethnic , democratic society capable of integrating all of Kosovo 's inhabitants without exception will be unfeasible .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	44	They have , moreover , seriously restricted the ability of the Agency to move staff and humanitarian assistance to those in urgent need . The Commission therefore reiterates the urgent need to remove restrictions regarding the movement of Agency staff and goods , in keeping with international law , the November 2005 Agreement on Movement and Access and the agreements between UNRWA and the Government of Israel . In this connection , the Commission reaffirms the need to respect the integrity of the United Nations and the immunities of its staff operating in areas of conflict , as stated in Security Council resolution 1502 ( 2003 ) on the protection of United Nations personnel , associated personnel and humanitarian personnel in conflict zones .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	40	Those agencies are working in collaboration with the Government and with non-governmental organizations . The United Nations has authorized and now has in place one of the largest peacekeeping forces in its history to disarm combatants as well as to keep and enforce the peace in Liberia . The United Nations co-sponsored the highly successful International Reconstruction Conference for Liberia , held on 5 and 6 February 2004 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	15	Paragraph 4 ( e ) The human rights situation in Uzbekistan has always been in keeping with universally recognized rules and standards . The following arrangements have been made to ensure effective protection of human rights :
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	40	In so doing , UNOPS management appreciates that the organization must remain sufficiently agile , and flexible to accommodate client needs which can rapidly change in response to world events . UNOPS must maintain sound , internal control systems and keep its financial house in order ; it must manage itself as an efficient business , including measures that ensure its viability and maintain its operational reserve . Current challenges and measures that address them
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	17	( a ) Interpret speeches made at meetings ; ( b ) Make and arrange for the keeping of sound recordings of meetings ; ( c ) Receive , translate and circulate the documents of the Review Conference ;
keep%2:40:09::	keep.v	29	Discrimination of older persons can be apparent in many different ways . For example , in the workplace , older persons may be denied promotional opportunities , have difficulty keeping their jobs , or not given an equal chance during the hiring process simply on the basis of their age . All individuals , including older persons , should have the opportunity to gain a living through engaging in work which is freely chosen or accepted ( Committee on Economic , Social and Cultural Rights General Comment 20 , para .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its sixty-second session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Mission in the Central African Republic and Chad ” . Sixty-first session
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	62	It was one of the main concerns of the National Commission for Women and the Family . So far , the Convention had been tested only once in the courts , when the Constitutional Council had heard an appeal from members of Parliament on whether the government decree allocating US $ 4.5 million to the development of women 's enterprises was in keeping with the Constitution . The Council had ruled , on the basis of article 4 of the Convention , that it was .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	4	Gender Unit 5.26 In keeping with the strengthened mandate for integrating gender perspectives into peacekeeping support operations provided by the General Assembly in its twenty-third special session entitled “ Women 2000 : gender equality , development and peace for the twenty-first century ” ( June 2000 ) , the report of the Panel raised two important gender perspectives relating to gender balance in appointments to senior management positions and the need for gender sensitivity among personnel in their interactions with local communities . However , integrating gender perspectives into peace-support operations requires much more , as the outcome document adopted by the Assembly at its special session ( resolution S-23/2 ) and the Windhoek Declaration and the Namibia Plan of Action on Mainstreaming a Gender Perspective in Multidimensional Peace Support Operations , adopted on 31 May 2000 at the seminar organized by the Lessons Learned Unit of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations and the Office of the Special Adviser on Gender Issues and Advancement of Women ( see A/55/138-S/2000/693 , annex I and II ) clearly illustrate .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	47	He also noted the significant decline in the economic impact of the military and noted that , even while the attainment of self-government was the long-term goal , the daily impact of the relationship also had to be examined . The Government urged the Special Committee to keep the playing field level in the decolonization process and for its support in amendments to the language in the recent resolutions on Guam . The representative of Montserrat stated that , after 40 years Montserrat remained a colony with little or no input from the administering Power in relationship to the establishment of a viable social , political and economic environment that would allow Montserratians to become a self-determined people .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	42	Insuring that the countries have a freedom of choice , he said , was the biggest detriment to the Soviet Union . He cited East Germany where after 15 years of Soviet rule it has become necessary to build a wall to keep the people in , and added , `` so long as people rebel , we must not give up '' . Martin called for patience on the part of Americans .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	55	Welcomes , in this regard , the accession by New Caledonia to the status of observer in the Pacific Islands Forum , continuing high-level visits to New Caledonia by delegations from countries of the Pacific region and high-level visits by delegations from New Caledonia to countries members of the Pacific Islands Forum ; Decides to keep under continuous review the process unfolding in New Caledonia as a result of the signing of the Nouméa Accord ; Requests the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples to continue to examine the question of the Non-Self-Governing Territory of New Caledonia and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its sixtieth session .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	41	The co-sponsor of the proposal further highlighted the importance of the advisory opinions of the Court for the codification and progressive development of international law . At its 256th meeting , on 25 February 2009 , the Special Committee decided to keep the proposal on its agenda . Chapter IV
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	33	The progress made in protecting our fellow citizens encourages us to continue our efforts to vanquish terrorism , in rigorous conformity with the law . We require more extensive powers that remain in keeping with the rule of law . Currently , the Government is preparing an amendment to the Constitution to allow the public forces of order , in cases of terrorism , to deploy specialized personnel to carry out arrests , searches and communications interceptions .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	43	SEPAZ has given priority in its strategic guidelines to continuing the process of disbanding the Presidential General Staff . The Mission will verify that the process of fulfilling this commitment is completed as soon as possible and that the new institution is in keeping with the provisions of the Agreement . The commitments on using the armed forces munitions factory to meet the needs of the National Civil Police and on the disposition of the television frequency assigned to the Guatemalan armed forces are nearing fulfilment .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	72	Among its provisions , the draft resolution calls for the convening of a commemorative plenary meeting in 2007 , on a date to be decided at the sixtieth session of the Assembly , and invites the President of the General Assembly to finalize organizational matters in consultation with Member States . This , I believe , is important for ensuring that we remain focused and take appropriate action at all levels to keep the promises we have made . I hope the draft resolution will meet with the support , and approval by consensus of all delegations .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	52	Encourages the Secretary-General to continue to take additional measures to ensure the safety and security of all personnel under the auspices of the United Nations participating in the Mission , bearing in mind paragraphs 5 and 6 of Security Council resolution 1502 ( 2003 ) of 26 August 2003 ; Decides to keep under review during its sixty-third session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Mission in Ethiopia and Eritrea ” . A/63/546 and Corr.1 .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	22	United Nations funds and programmes should play a supporting role in facilitating such regional follow-up initiatives . The Monterrey Consensus calls for keeping the financing for development process on the agenda of intergovernmental bodies of all main stakeholders , including the United Nations funds , programmes and agencies . In response , the UNCTAD Trade and Development Board , at its nineteenth special session , held in Bangkok from 29 April to 2 May 2002 , concluded that the outcome of the Monterrey Conference had underlined the centrality of the issues covered by UNCTAD and had provided new impetus to UNCTAD 's work for the implementation of the Bangkok Plan of Action and the New Partnership for Africa 's Development .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	66	Acting under Chapter VII of the Charter of the United Nations , Reaffirms once again its support for the Peace Agreement , as well as for the Dayton Agreement on implementing the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina of 10 November 1995 ( S/1995/1021 , annex ) , calls upon the parties to comply strictly with their obligations under those Agreements , and expresses its intention to keep the implementation of the Peace Agreement , and the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina , under review ; Expresses its support for the declarations of the Ministerial meetings of the Peace Implementation Conference ;
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	48	Encourages the United Nations Population Fund and the United Nations Development Programme to consult each other on the feasibility of developing a common regulation concerning contributions from non-governmental sources and to report to the Executive Board at its third regular session 2000 ; Requests the Executive Director to keep the Financial Regulations under active review , including with regard to taking into account any adjustment that may facilitate the implementation of the United Nations Development Assistance Framework and to consult accordingly with members of the Executive Board . 28 January 2000
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	47	We therefore welcome the call on the Secretary-General , in resolution 1888 ( 2009 ) , to offer upon request expertise that can be deployed rapidly to assist national authorities to strengthen the rule of law . That is a very important step and is fully in keeping with the principle of complementarity , one of the main pillars of the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court ( ICC ) , whose jurisdiction kicks in only when States are unable or unwilling to prosecute at the national level . Today , the ICC is addressing sexual violence in several situations with which it is seized and thus is contributing to the fight against impunity .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	70	But , before I do so , let me say how pleased I am to be able to appear here alongside my good friend and close colleague , Jacques Paul Klein , whose last report this is before the United Nations Mission in Bosnia and Herzegovina ( UNMIBH ) departs in a few weeks ' time . The departure of UNMIBH will mark the end of a decade-long effort to keep the peace in a small European country , an effort which has cost the lives of 272 United Nations personnel . It has been , I am sure all around this table know , an intensely difficult and tough task .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	52	At its 13th meeting , on 22 June 2006 , the Special Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly that the Committee continue to be represented at seminars , meetings and conferences organized by United Nations bodies and other intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations active in the field of decolonization . In keeping with its decision of 23 February 2006 , the Committee would authorize its Chairman to hold consultations , as appropriate , concerning its participation in those meetings , as well as the level of representation , when accepting invitations . In accordance with established practice and on the basis of the principle of rotation , the Chairman would hold consultations with the Bureau members , who , in turn , would consult with the members of the Committee from their respective regional groups .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	61	Within the industrialized and wealthy world , there are many citizens who question the model of liberal democracy that some attempt to impose . They feel they have no real participation in the decision-making processes , they feel manipulated by campaigns and the media , that the model is elitist and that political parties and politicians lack prestige and do not keep their electoral promises . We are also concerned at the growing limitations being imposed on the exercise of the most fundamental civil and political rights in a large group of First World countries under the pretext of the fight against terrorism .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	25	The Committee or the Working Group shall indicate a deadline for the submission of such additional information or clarification . If the deadline is not kept by the State party concerned or the author of a communication , the Committee or the Working Group may decide to consider the admissibility of the communication in the light of available information . If the State party concerned disputes the contention of the author of a communication that all available domestic remedies have been exhausted , the State party is required to give details of the effective remedies available to the alleged victim in the particular circumstances of the case .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	50	To that end , the Panel has , among other things , requested the secretariat to ascertain whether other claims have been submitted to the Commission with respect to the same projects , transactions , or property as those forming the subject matter of the claims under review . In keeping with Governing Council decision 13 , where a loss has been found to be compensable in this instalment and the same loss has been previously compensated , the amount of compensation received has been deducted from any award recommended by the Panel . Where a claim has been found to be compensable in this instalment and another claim with the same loss is pending before a different panel , the relevant information has been provided to the other panel .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	53	We further support the proposals for the establishment of a standing monitoring mechanism for targeted sanctions and the illicit trade in high-value commodities in armed conflicts . At the 2001 United Nations Conference and the subsequent First Biennial Meeting , held last year , States acknowledged the crucial importance of marking and of keeping accurate records that enable the timely tracing and identification of illicit small arms and light weapons . Successful tracing initiatives require adequate marking and record-keeping , through which Governments and concerned organizations are able to identify the producers , end-users and uses of a specific weapon .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	27	Its headquarters were in Geneva and it had a membership of 51 countries in various regions of the world . He called on the Committee , in keeping with its previous decisions on observer status for intergovernmental organizations , to recommend that the General Assembly should adopt the draft resolution without a vote . Agenda item 153 : Observer status for the University for Peace in the General Assembly ( A/63/231 ; A/C.6/63/L.2 )
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	54	Spain would have no problem , in this area , with accepting the current economic features that define Gibraltar 's status within the European Union . ( vi ) Concerning the personal status of the people of Gibraltar , it might be possible to negotiate a special preferential system for acquiring Spanish nationality or keeping dual nationality . ( vii ) As a guarantee for the people of Gibraltar , Spain is prepared to accept a transitional period in which sovereignty would be exercised jointly by Spain and the United Kingdom , at the end of which transitional period transfer to Spain would be envisaged .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	108	On 9 October 2000 , Algeria reiterated its support for the Secretary-General 's efforts and those of the Personal Envoy and the Special Representative to organize a free and impartial referendum for self-determination for the people of Western Sahara ( A/55/468-S/2000/975 ) . The Secretary-General shared the view of his Personal Envoy that further meetings of the parties would not succeed , and could indeed be counterproductive , unless the Government of Morocco , as administrative power of the Territory , was prepared to offer or support some devolution of authority for all inhabitants and former inhabitants of the Territory that would be genuine , substantive and in keeping with international norms . If the Government of Morocco was not prepared to offer or support some devolution of governmental authority that could be discussed at a meeting of the parties during the next extension of the mandate of MINURSO , the Mission should begin hearing the pending appeals from the identification process on an expedited basis without regard as to how long it might be expected to take to complete them .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	38	Under the provisions of the Act , torture is an offence punishable with imprisonment for a term not less than 7 years and not exceeding 10 years on conviction after a trial in the High Court . In keeping with the pledge made by Sri Lanka when presenting its candidature for election to the UNHRC in 2006 , the Special Rapporteur on Torture , Professor Manfred Novak , was invited to visit Sri Lanka from 1-8 October 2007 . The purpose of his visit was to assess the situation relating to allegations of torture , and to strengthen a process of sustained cooperation with the Government to assist in its efforts to improve the administration of justice .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	63	Allow me to commend the activities of UNMIK , particularly the fact that it continues to cooperate with the interim administration to transfer authority according to the benchmarks set by Mr. Steiner . The Mission is also working to ensure that any measures taken by the interim administration are in keeping with the rules and benchmarks , which in turn must be in keeping with resolution 1244 ( 1999 ) and the constitutional order . We appreciate the efforts that have been and continue to be made by the Government of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia to cooperate with the Mission , particularly the current cooperation reflected in the statement of Mr. Čović , Deputy Prime Minister of Yugoslavia .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	54	Given its interdisciplinary nature , the subprogramme will be executed in close collaboration with other ECLAC divisions , to which it will continue to provide services . The strategy will focus on strengthening the capacity of the national statistical systems of the region to produce and disseminate , in a timely manner and in keeping with international standards and best practices , the statistical information and indicators needed to design and monitor their economic and social policies . Such activities include refining methodologies in the field of national accounts , statistics and projections and providing technical assistance and training to national statistical offices .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	37	We urge that all WTO members refrain from placing excessive or onerous demands on applications from developing countries . Therefore , there is a need for a transparent , streamlined and accelerated accession process that is in keeping with WTO rules and disciplines . We recognize the importance of regional and subregional integration .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	42	In this sense , the fairness , transparency and inclusiveness of the upcoming senatorial elections , as well as of State mechanisms in general , will be of great importance . On the other hand , the international community and MINUSTAH should keep helping and supporting Haiti in these endeavours . In this regard , the donor conference to be held in Washington , D.C. , will be of outmost importance in showing the determination of the international community to assist Haiti , and will certainly help MINUSTAH to carry out its duties .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	89	Second , programme managers and staff must both be accountable and the Office of Internal Oversight Services must be assured that the provisions of the Code of Conduct were being applied to all United Nations civil servants and that the Code served as a policy guide for the Organization in its dealings with its officials . Third , with reference to the enquiries that had been made in the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force ( UNDOF ) about procurement contracts , the Office of Internal Oversight Services had not kept its promise to inform his delegation of the outcome of those enquiries , and in fact his delegation had information indicating that they had been concluded and that the accused were innocent . If that was the case , the Office should mention that fact in its reports .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	66	Acting under Chapter VII of the Charter of the United Nations , Reaffirms once again its support for the Peace Agreement , as well as for the Dayton Agreement on implementing the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina of 10 November 1995 ( S/1995/1021 , annex ) , calls upon the parties to comply strictly with their obligations under those Agreements , and expresses its intention to keep the implementation of the Peace Agreement , and the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina , under review ; Expresses its support for the declaration of the Ministerial meeting of the Peace Implementation Conference in Brussels on 23 and 24 May 2000 ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	48	Mr. Al-Rassi ( Saudi Arabia ) said that bilateral agreements had been concluded with a number of countries of origin of domestic workers , including Bangladesh , Myanmar , the Philippines and Sri Lanka , and that the Government organized regular meetings with the relevant officials . In keeping with the compassionate nature of Saudi Arabian society , domestic workers were often regarded as members of their employers ' families and treated accordingly . Although there had been no serious problems in that sphere , the authorities had decided to promulgate specific regulations in order to keep pace with the rapidly evolving social situation .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	20	( b ) The password length was not restricted to a minimum length ; ( c ) No record was kept of the password history to prevent the user from using the same password ; ( d ) Records were not kept of when the password was last changed ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	48	We hope that we will be able to ratify this important instrument as soon as possible ; that is something to which we truly aspire . My delegation would like also to express its specific support for operative paragraph 5 of the draft , which is fully in keeping with the content of the press communiqué issued by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Colombia on 10 October last . Mr. Najafi ( Islamic Republic of Iran ) : I am taking the floor to explain the position of my delegation with respect to two draft resolutions .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its sixtieth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Mission in the Sudan ” . 62nd plenary meeting 8 December 2005
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	83	In our view , it is important to take account of these comments to an extent that would respond to the interests of all participating delegations . In this respect , by way of confirmation of the positive stance that our delegation has taken on this initiative and our understanding of the importance of showing the greatest possible flexibility in order to move this initiative forward , we responded to your request , Madam President , for us to provide limited comments in keeping with your expressed desire to preserve the formula of the initiative . We hope that this effort on our part will help to attain our common objective of allowing the Conference to discharge its responsibilities .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	32	The elections , therefore , should not signal the end of UNTAET and the United Nations considerable engagement in East Timor . On the contrary , the United Nations must continue to keep vigilant watch over East Timor . It should especially not be making plans for its early exit or substantial withdrawal from East Timor at this juncture .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	42	Active work will be continued in completing the delimitation of the State border between the Russian Federation and the Republic of Azerbaijan . The Russian Federation and the Republic of Azerbaijan will strengthen bilateral military and military-technical cooperation , which is in keeping with the interests of ensuring the security of the two countries is not directed against third countries , and does not run counter to the international obligations of the Russian Federation and the Republic of Azerbaijan . Neither party will participate in any actions or measures of a military , economic or financial nature , inter alia , through third countries , directed against the other party , and will not allow its territory to be used for the purposes of aggression or other forcible action against the other party .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	46	Mr. Rogachev ( Russian Federation ) ( spoke in Russian ) : We did not object to the extension of the mandate of the ad litem Judge , Judge Joaquín Martín Canivell . We therefore supported the draft resolution , since such a decision is in keeping with the completion strategy of the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia . At the same time , we should like to draw attention to the fact that the Security Council has now been obliged for a second time to deal with the issue of extending the mandate of this judge .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	24	It also raised issues of attribution and aggregation of results as discussed earlier . The inclusion of qualitative outcome indicators and the decision to keep collecting information on several robust output indicators from the first MYFF , coupled with a better quality of reporting from UNFPA units , helped to provide evidence of results ascribable to UNFPA . The above-mentioned issues would be addressed when preparing the next MYFF .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	42	For the first time ever , a member of Hizbollah holds a ministerial portfolio . It is further noteworthy that the leaders of Hizbollah have spoken of their readiness “ for any internal discussion , any guarantees and any solutions that would keep the efficiency and ability of the resistance to deter and protect . The details will be left to discussion … .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	91	Acknowledges the essential contributions of the United Nations regional commissions to the implementation , review and appraisal of the Madrid Plan of Action , including the organization of regional review and appraisal meetings and the preparation of their outcome documents , and calls upon the Secretary-General to strengthen the work of the United Nations regional commissions , including their focal points on ageing , to enable them to continue their regional implementation activities ; Encourages the international community to enhance international cooperation to support national efforts to eradicate poverty , in keeping with internationally agreed goals , in order to achieve sustainable social and economic support for older persons , including to build capacity on ageing through stronger partnerships with civil society , such as organizations of older persons , academia , research foundations and community-based organizations , and with the private sector ; Encourages the international community and the relevant organizations of the United Nations system , within their respective mandates , to support national efforts and to provide funding for research and data collection initiatives on ageing in order to better understand the challenges and opportunities presented by population ageing and to provide policymakers with more accurate and specific information on gender and ageing , such as for policy planning , monitoring and evaluation ;
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	67	These principles are well-known — sovereignty and territorial integrity of Georgia , defining the status of Abkhazia within the State of Georgia , non-acceptance of a violent or military solution and the return of refugees and internally displaced persons . We appeal to the Friends of the Secretary-General to adhere to those cornerstone principles , as according to our information not all of them are eager to keep that in the resolution language . The Government of Georgia is continually emphasizing its new approach towards peaceful conflict resolution , which is based on accepting the realities on the ground and the interests of all involved parties .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	16	Belt tension is adjusted by manipulation of two locking bolts and a movable motor mount . Keep the belt just tight enough so the pulleys won n't slip when pulled by hand ; excess tension will only cause undue wear on the motor and spindle bearings . Most drill presses have a quill return spring that raises the spindle automatically when the feed lever is released and holds the quill in the raised position .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	75	It also proposes that the supplement to the Rules should include a specific reference to accessibility of the Rules in order to make them and the supplement to them fully accessible to persons with disabilities . With regard to section A of the proposed supplement , on fundamental concepts , the European Union agrees with the Special Rapporteur that the best way to achieve compatibility with the original text of the Standard Rules is to keep to the same terminology in the proposed supplement so as to avoid confusion between the original text of the Rules and the supplement . As to section B , on adequate standard of living and poverty alleviation , it highlights the importance of effectively including adequate measures to meet the needs of persons with disabilities within programmes to combat poverty and improve living conditions of the population at large .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	45	Reiterates its firm support for the mission of good offices of the Secretary-General in order to assist the parties in complying with the request made by the General Assembly in its resolutions on the question of the Falkland Islands ( Malvinas ) ; Decides to keep under review the question of the Falkland Islands ( Malvinas ) subject to the directives that the General Assembly has issued and may issue in that regard . Chapter XII
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	66	Thanks to that updating effort by both Chairmen , it is clear that the Committee established under resolution 1267 ( 1999 ) is a sanctions enforcement body , whereas the Committee established under resolution 1373 ( 2001 ) is geared towards cooperation and facilitating assistance . It is also clear that the Committee established under resolution 1267 ( 1999 ) is the sole body authorized to keep lists . My delegation fully agrees with the comments urging caution made by some members of the Council that , until a satisfactory solution is found in the context of the General Assembly to the matter of a generally accepted definition of terrorism , the Committee established under resolution 1373 ( 2001 ) must avoid becoming distracted from doing its important work by the drawing up of lists .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	64	X.3 In a note dated 9 July 2009 , CEB provided its comments on the original budget submissions of ICSC and JIU for the biennium 2010-2011 . The Advisory Committee notes from the information provided that CEB member organizations could not accept the increases in the budget level proposed by ICSC and JIU and reiterated the need for both bodies to explore ways to keep their current budget level through the implementation of measures leading to simplification and streamlining of business processes , specifically regarding travel , and other cost-saving measures . X.4 The Advisory Committee draws attention to the requirements of the statutes of both JIU ( article 20 ) and ICSC ( article 21 ) that their budget shall be established by the Secretary-General after consultation with the Administrative Committee on Coordination ( now CEB ) .
keep%2:35:10::	keep.v	63	The Committee is concerned that under the Immigration and Refugee Protection Act ( IRPA ) , non-citizens , including asylum-seekers , may be remanded in custody when they are not able to produce a valid identity document , or on suspicion of having provided a false identity . Despite assurances by the State party that detention is used as a last resort and kept to the minimum length of time possible , the Committee remains concerned that there is no maximum time limit for the period of custody , and that detention on grounds of lack of a valid identity document may have an adverse effect on stateless persons and asylum-seekers from countries in which particular conditions make it difficult to obtain identity documents ( art . The Committee draws the attention of the State party to its general recommendation No. 31 ( 2005 ) on the prevention of racial discrimination in the administration and functioning of the criminal justice system and general recommendation No. 30 ( 2004 ) on discrimination against non-citizens , and recommends that the State party ensure that detention be imposed only on objective grounds stipulated in law , such as the risk of flight , the risk that the person might destroy evidence or influence witnesses , or the risk of serious disturbance of public order .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	23	The increase in our country 's assessments is very significant indeed . Not only is it inequitable , but it is not in keeping with numerous international norms and principles in the financial and administrative fields . This is especially relevant given that our national economy is based on a non-renewable resource , oil .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	82	However , the so-called “ liberalization ” is a fallacy and has its own selectiveness . Without claiming to be exhaustive , while on the one hand the developed countries and the multilateral commercial and financial institutions controlled by them are advocating market deregulation and elimination of subsidies in the underdeveloped countries , on the other hand they are continuing ( a recent example is the United States Farm Bill ) to maintain and establish new multi-million subsidies for their farmers and keep their markets closed to the main exports of the majority of developing countries : agricultural products and textiles . In addition , far from liberalizing the movement of persons between South and North , migration restrictions are being intensified and the threat of military force is even being used to halt the growing wave of migrants .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	56	Lastly , his delegation emphasized the importance of providing training and technical assistance to developing countries , and would appreciate any such assistance concerning UNCITRAL texts . In an increasingly globalized environment , it was essential to promote the participation of developing countries and to ensure an equitable distribution of the benefits of globalization , in keeping with the Commission 's mandate . Mr. Kanu ( Sierra Leone ) questioned the extent to which the draft Convention on Assignment of Receivables in International Trade would benefit developing countries , which encountered huge difficulties in obtaining access to credit and , where credit was available , were forced to put up with crippling interest rates .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	68	In recent years , Russia , in cooperation with foreign partners and international organizations , has exerted considerable efforts to maintain a fragile balance that has now been shattered by the bellicose rhetoric of Georgian politicians and their attempts to use provocation and military force to resolve the problems of Abkhazia and South Ossetia . It is only through existing peacekeeping mechanisms that it has been possible to keep the situation under control . It should not be forgotten that the format of the negotiation process , which , besides the Russian Federation , involves the United Nations , the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe and the member States of the Group of Friends of the Secretary-General on Georgia , was agreed upon by all parties to the conflicts .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	91	In addition , various lists ( travel-ban lists , pre-arrival screening lists and checklists ) are drawn up , using dedicated forms which comprise the following : the Arabic name , consisting of a minimum of three components and transliterated into Latin characters ; the family name ; date of birth ; place of birth ; nationality ; occupation ; place of residence ; action to be taken . All of the names transmitted by the Security Council Counter-Terrorism Committee have been included in the “ banned from entry ” lists kept at each point of entry to the country . In this regard , mention should be made of the fact that :
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	62	This is required by the spirit of harmony that must prevail among all States on the basis of full respect for our Organization 's Charter . As we informed the Secretary-General , when the so called Helms-Burton law was proclaimed , the Government of Mexico declared that law to be contrary to the principles of international law , a position fully in keeping with the ruling of the Inter-American Juridical Committee of 4 June 1996 . For this same purpose and in order to eliminate the negative impact of extraterritorial measures that affect Mexico 's free trade with other countries , Mexico 's Act on Protection of Trade and Investment against Foreign Norms which Violate International Law entered into force on 24 October 1996 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	84	The new vision we have of a renewed United Nations requires that our Organization become more competent , more agile and more responsible ; that it be better administered , with a healthy financial system ; and that it produce more tangible results for the peoples of the world . This is why we support the results of the Working Group of the General Assembly and believe that reforming and expanding the Council must be based on the broadest possible consensus and be in keeping with fair and equitable geographical representation , by which developing countries will be able to make substantial contributions to the decision-making process so as to solidify world peace and security . Our Organization must engage in self-criticism and be the first to propose changes to its working methods .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	39	My country , in keeping with resolution 1373 ( 2001 ) , has ratified and acceded to the 12 international conventions in the field of terrorism . Those instruments have now been incorporated into our national legislation , in keeping with constitutional provisions . Ambassador Denisov also mentioned the high-level seminar to follow up on the recommendations of the resolution , whose goal was to analyse national legislation and regulations on terrorism and bring them into conformity with the provisions of resolution 1373 ( 2001 ) .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	70	In my last report ( S/2006/159 ) , I indicated that it would be appropriate to adjust the Mission 's military component by withdrawing one infantry battalion in mid-2006 and another infantry battalion early in 2007 . I also indicated that the troop strength of UNMIL would be reduced by 250 by 31 March , in order to bring it within the troop strength of 15 , 000 , in keeping with Security Council resolution 1626 ( 2005 ) of 19 September 2005 . In addition , I proposed that further adjustments would continue to be considered as the situation permits , without compromising the security of Liberia or the effectiveness of United Nations operations in the country .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	42	( l ) Judicial executors , in performing additional functions of a judicial executor in terms of special legislation , ( m ) Legal counsels , notaries or other natural persons or legal entities , if they are entrepreneurs , when safe keeping money , securities or other property for their clients , and/or if the services required by the client involve or are to involve acts performed by them on the client 's behalf or on the client 's account in 1. arranging for the purchase or sale of real estate or of an enterprise and/or a part thereof ,
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	44	On their way back , the journalist and the camera crew passed through the same check post , where they continued to film . The CIS peacekeeping force personnel stated that taking pictures was not allowed on military premises and , as the camera kept filming , started to push the journalists out of the post . Some push and shove took place before the journalists left the post after having thrown election-related leaflets around it .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	93	The Minister also stressed that greater OHCHR support and presence in the Caribbean region is absolutely critical to building civil society support for the institutionalization of human rights protections and in recognizing the link between human rights and development . With regard to the death penalty , the Head of Delegation indicated that the Government had no specific mandate from the people of Barbados to abolish the death penalty ; in fact , all opinion polls and surveys taken in the country show that the public sentiment has been strongly in favour of keeping it . Therefore the Government has to engage in a full national dialogue before arriving at a consensus on this issue .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	25	A successful peacekeeping operation needs to be complemented by feasible and sustainable rehabilitation , reconstruction and , sometimes , a comprehensive nation-building effort . In keeping with that approach , Thailand 's peacekeepers in Timor-Leste , through the United Nations Transitional Administration in East Timor and the United Nations Mission of Support in East Timor , not only have fulfilled the traditional peacekeeping roles assigned to them but have also engaged intensively in rebuilding activities and other measures to support sustainable development . Thailand will continue to give its strong support to United Nations peacekeeping missions and hopes that all such peacekeeping missions will have adequate peace-building components .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	13	Vaults - safe-keeping In activities related to the vault , that is safe keeping of certain items , envelopes or packages , banks are required to establish special procedures to adequately identify individuals and/or companies that are not their customers and that do not have accounts opened with them . An important element of these procedures is providing for the identification of the true owner of items in the vault .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	72	Lastly , the AIDS pandemic and its impact on social services in French-speaking LDCs require a special effort to find a solution to the problem . Whereas all the participants agreed that , as with health care , significant efforts had been made in the sphere of education ( although these efforts fell far short of actual requirements ) , it was unfortunate that the available financial resources were being used to keep the system ticking over without meaningfully achieving the targets that had been set . The inefficient nature of expenditure , combined with the unfairness of allocation , makes it hard for French-speaking LDCs to mount an effective attack on poverty .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	66	Some suggestions were made to expand the list of provisions that appeared in draft paragraph 95 ( 4 ) , for example , by including draft articles 11 , 13 , 14 ( 1 ) and 17 . Finally , there was support for the view that all of the references currently in draft paragraph 95 ( 4 ) as set out in A/CN.9/WG.III/WP.61 should be kept in the text , and the square brackets removed . Conclusions reached by the Working Group regarding draft paragraph 95 ( 4 ) :
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	97	It aims completely to erode the distinction between society and the State by , denying the right to opposition and social dissent and increasing persecution of the political opposition. As a result , leaders of dissident political groups have been detained without justification . The Colombian Government 's actions , which are set in the framework of what has been termed the “ war on terror ” , violate human rights and contravene General Assembly resolution 57/219 of 18 December 2002 , which provides that States must ensure that any measures taken to combat terrorism are in keeping with their international obligations . This is the case of the statute that grants judicial powers to the military forces , allowing them to carry out raids , intercept telephone calls and make arrests without any prior judicial order. This is a serious violation of the rights to personal freedom and to privacy , among others .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	31	( m ) 3.1.13 ( Reservations to treaty clauses concerning dispute settlement or the monitoring of the implementation of the treaty ) It was stated that it would be better to keep the issues of reservations and dispute settlement separate . If this guideline was retained , States would hesitate to participate in a treaty fearing that any reservation to the dispute settlement provisions might be considered as incompatible with the object and purpose of the treaty .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	23	The Commission had also decided to keep the situation of human rights in Kyrgyzstan under review . The Commission had further decided to keep the situation of human rights in Uzbekistan under review and to appoint an independent expert to report to it under the confidential procedure established in accordance with Council resolutions 1503 ( XLVIII ) and 2000/3 . The Chairperson reminded the members of the Commission that , in conformity with paragraph 9 of Council resolution 2000/3 , they should not make any reference in public debate to the confidential decisions taken under that resolution or to any confidential material relating thereto .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	58	At the fourth session of the Working Group it had been suggested that the subparagraph should be expanded by adding the words “ or other cases of the same exceptional nature , as defined by the law ” ( see A/CN.9/505 , para . At its fifth session , the Working Group agreed that those words should be kept , but that they should be put in the footnote to the subparagraph rather than to the main text . The Working Group also agreed that the square brackets around the word “ compelling ” should be deleted ( A/CN.9/521 , para .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	20	Proposals have been made for interim mechanisms to reimburse UNDP for services previously provided . The Board will continue to keep this matter under review . ( g ) Recommendation in paragraph 17 that UNFPA approach its Executive Board with a view to defining the range of financial assumptions on which the operational reserve should be based .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	100	Also recalling with satisfaction the adoption by the Review Conference of the States Parties to the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons Which May Be Deemed to Be Excessively Injurious or to Have Indiscriminate Effects , on 13 October 1995 of the Protocol on Blinding Laser Weapons ( Protocol IV ) , and on 3 May 1996 of the amended Protocol on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Mines , Booby Traps and Other Devices ( Protocol II ) , Recalling that the States parties at the Review Conference declared their commitment to keeping the provisions of Protocol II under review in order to ensure that the concerns regarding the weapons it covers are addressed , and that they would encourage efforts of the United Nations and other organizations to address all problems of landmines , Recalling also the role played by the International Committee of the Red Cross in the elaboration of the Convention and the Protocols thereto ,
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	39	Savings from previous budgets Following the proposal of the Tribunal , the twelfth Meeting of States Parties decided that the Tribunal should surrender the savings from the budgets of the Tribunal for 1998 , 1999 and 2000 , in keeping with the Financial Regulations of the United Nations . The amount of savings will be deducted from the assessed contributions for the year 2003.7
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	31	The Special Representative nonetheless welcomes recent positive developments including efforts by the Minister of Justice to reduce corruption within his Ministry . He also welcomes the fact that the Minister has kept his promise not to issue executive circulars to the judiciary . The long-promised passing of the statute of judges should be a priority .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	46	They have also concluded that the necessarily general nature of the description of many items in the annexes to the plan renders it impossible to determine definitively whether or not an item is notifiable under the provisions of resolution 1051 ( 1996 ) . They will keep the matter under review and provide a further assessment in the light of additional information that may become available in applications submitted to the Security Council Committee . The distribution plan ( see annexes II and III ) and the letter dated 13 February 2001 from the Executive Director of the Iraq Programme addressed to the Permanent Representative of Iraq to the United Nations , conveying my acceptance of the plan ( see annex I ) , are attached .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	30	At its ninth meeting , the LEG developed a work programme for 2006−2007 , which was considered by the SBI at its twenty-fourth session . The LEG was requested to keep the SBI informed of its efforts to implement the work programme over the biennium 2006−2007 , in accordance with its mandate , by including in its subsequent reports information on expected outcomes . Summary of the eleventh meeting of the Least Developed Countries Expert Group
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	53	Mr. Babadoudou ( Benin ) , speaking on behalf of the sponsors , introduced the draft resolution and said that the following countries had joined the sponsors : Austria , Bulgaria , Colombia , El Salvador , France , Hungary , Ireland , Romania and Slovenia . The draft resolution was intended to keep attention on the subject and to provide States with legal tools to organize events during the year and develop programmes of action . The concept of human rights education , while still relatively new , was important to the achievement of the Millennium Development Goals and of all human rights .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	89	Indeed , article 3 of the Convention stipulates that States parties shall endeavour “ To develop and strengthen systems for the detection of the movement , importation , exportation , stockpiling and use of weapons , munitions and explosives and of other means of aggression , murder and destruction as well as procedures for monitoring their passage through customs and across borders in order to prevent their transfer from one Contracting State to another or to third-party States other than for lawful purposes ” . These provisions are in keeping with those in Security Council resolution 1373 ( 2001 ) as well as General Assembly resolutions 57/83 and 58/48 on measures to prevent terrorists from acquiring weapons of mass destruction . Given the interest of the League of Arab States in the problem of links between terrorism and weapons of mass destruction , the legal administration of the League has taken part , at the invitation of the Secretary-General of the International Criminal Police Organization ( Interpol ) in a colloquium that took place in Geneva from 22 to 25 April 2003 and dealt with the question of links between counter-terrorism and the dangers stemming from the proliferation of biological weapons .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	135	Thus , a revised bill , omitting the provision on French Polynesia , must be reintroduced , and upon its approval in both chambers of the French Parliament , the French Congress could finally vote on it at the end of 2005 or early in 2006.4 In relation to that issue , in July 2002 , the United Nations Human Rights Committee rejected a claim lodged by an association of voters in New Caledonia alleging that their exclusion from the voter registry for a future referendum was discriminatory and that the cut-off dates for voters were excessive . The Committee ruled that that was not a violation of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights because the cut-off dates set for referendums from 2014 onwards were not excessive “ inasmuch as they are in keeping with the nature and purpose of these ballots , namely a self-determination process involving the participation of persons able to prove sufficiently strong ties to the territory whose future is being decided ” .5 New governmental structure
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	50	The Charter of the United Nations speaks of wars , aggressions , disputes and conflicts essentially as situations of belligerency involving two or more sovereign States . In such situations , United Nations peacekeeping operations would normally involve deployment along the international frontiers of the opposing sides so as to keep peace between them . There is no scope for a larger role for a United Nations operations in conflict situations of this kind .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	57	The Palestinian Authority expects States to accept their responsibilities under the Fourth Geneva Convention and take the appropriate measures . The Palestinian Authority proposes as an initial measure the establishment of a group of friends with the intention of making regular representations to Israel and convincing it that it must comply with international law , both in keeping with its obligations and in its own interest . Such friends would be drawn from among the States close to Israel .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	46	And so , Africa has decided to enter a new stage in its history , transforming the OAU into the African Union and adopting a new development programme , the New Partnership for Africa 's Development ( NEPAD ) . These two new initiatives are in keeping with the profound aspirations of our peoples , and they should open up new prospects for the African continent . Globalization , far from being a handicap for Africa , could provide both the context and the resources for its recovery .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	64	Responding to members who had expressed support for the exclusion of refugees and stateless persons from the scope of the topic , the Special Rapporteur pointed out that the existing legal instruments did not establish a comprehensive regime for the expulsion of these categories of persons . The Commission should therefore examine the rules applicable to these persons - including non-refoulement of refugees - keeping in mind contemporary law and practice . The same comment applied to the expulsion of enemy aliens , which was not governed by international humanitarian law instruments .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	35	A number of laws have been adopted . The mid-term economic programme for 1998 to 2001 also contains provisions on humanization , democratization , the fundamental role of education and reforming the educational system in keeping with international standards . Obviously , Tajikistan 's problems , including its social problems , must be solved first of all by the Tajik people themselves .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	53	Under this proposal , a summary document would be presented to the Executive Board at its annual session , informing the Board of any one-year extensions to ongoing country programmes approved by the Executive Director and the reasons for the extensions , as agreed with national authorities . In addition , also in keeping with the current practice of UNDP and UNFPA , a shorter format would be introduced for approval by the Executive Board of any proposed two-year extensions of ongoing country programmes and for any second consecutive one-year extensions . New short-duration country programmes that involve significant changes to the goals and strategies of UNICEF cooperation would continue to be presented to the Executive Board for approval , following the same procedure for review and approval as for full-cycle country programmes .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	50	In addition , as a result of the destruction of transport and transit infrastructures by torrential rains and floods , some States were often cut off from the rest of the world for long periods , causing immense losses in export incomes . She therefore hoped that donor countries would keep their promises of massive , immediate and predictable funding made at the 2005 World Summit . As the Office of the High Representative played an essential role in mobilizing and coordinating the implementation of the Almaty Programme of Action , the Group urged the Secretary-General to provide the Office as quickly as possible with the resources it needed in order to meet fully the responsibilities assigned to it .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	9	Construction is scheduled to begin in 2007 . In keeping with the political commitment of the agreed Confidence-Building Measures ( CBMs ) , Canada has reported annually on the nature of Canadian implementation of Article X of the Convention and continues to encourage other States Parties to report at an appropriate level of detail . Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	52	At its 10th meeting , on 23 June 2003 , the Special Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly that the Committee continue to be represented at seminars , meetings and conferences organized by United Nations bodies and other intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations active in the field of decolonization . In keeping with its decision of 12 February 2003 , the Committee would authorize its Chairman to hold consultations , as appropriate , concerning its participation in those meetings , as well as the level of representation , when accepting invitations . In accordance with established practice and on the basis of the principle of rotation , the Chairman would hold consultations with the Bureau members who , in turn , would consult with the members of the Committee from their respective regional groups .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	42	Ms. Yannakourou ( Greece ) said that details of the law governing relations between men and women in marriage had been given in the previous report . Citing a few of the provisions of that law , she said that each spouse kept his or her surname in the marriage and children were given surnames by the joint choice of the parents ; the age of consent for marriage was 18 for both sexes and the spouses jointly chose the property regime they wished to live by . Ms. Katsaridou ( Greece ) said that the education of minorities , particularly the Muslim minority in Thrace , was a priority matter for the Government .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	42	Letter dated 31 July 2002 from the Permanent Representative of the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the United Nations addressed to the President of the General Assembly On instructions from my Government , I have the honour to request you to keep on the agenda of the fifty-seventh regular session of the General Assembly the item entitled “ Armed aggression against the Democratic Republic of the Congo ” . My Government would like this item to be considered in plenary meeting , without reference to a Main Committee .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	37	It is time for concerted action with support from the United Nations to lead to the re-establishment of law and order . We welcome the MINURCAT exit strategy proposed in the report , which is perfectly in keeping with the reform process for the security sector . As has been said by an eminent diplomat , a close link should be created between security sector reform and MINURCAT .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	41	With respect to the reform of the agenda , I could detect a slight shift from last year in the positions of some delegations towards retaining the agenda as it is . As a result , more delegations now wish to keep the current agenda . The heightened concern , in the aftermath of the 11 September terrorist attacks and the increased security tensions in certain regions , stemming from the threat of non-State actors gaining access to new types of weapons of mass destruction was cited as the rationale for those who had shifted their positions towards maintaining the agenda .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	26	In practice , however , it may happen that while no significant ceasefire violations are recorded , the conflict remains latent . Here the rationale for keeping the operation intact would be stabilization or deterrence , to prevent the conflict from breaking out anew . The problem we see with this scenario is that in the long run , the stabilization function could lead to a syndrome in which the parties become dependent on the peacekeeping operation , thereby making it more difficult for the Security Council to take the decision to put an end to it .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	44	The Board of Auditors ' conclusion that both Tribunals would miss the 2010 deadline for their completion strategies if current financial trends persisted was worrying . The Tribunals should currently be in a better position to manage their workload and resources in order to keep to that deadline , thanks to recent payments from major donors , including the United States of America , which had paid its assessments in full as of the first week of November 2004 . Her delegation agreed with the conclusion in the report of the Secretary-General on biennial budgeting at the Tribunals ( A/59/139 ) that that practice would enable the two Tribunals to engage in more long-term planning , review and evaluation , activities which could highlight waste and areas where more cost-effective methods could be found .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	20	This is made up of scraps left over from the sides and bottom . These flaring parts really help to keep the boat dry . When they 're on , the top edges are planed even with the sheer batten .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	31	Contraceptive use was estimated to be 57 per cent of married women in 1993 , but more recent data are not available . The total fertility rate of 1.2 is in keeping with the trends in the region . The prevalence of HIV/AIDS infection is low .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	67	( a ) Without prejudice to the academic autonomy of UNU and the intellectual independence and integrity required of UNU Council members , Council composition should be reviewed to reflect more fully the diversity of its major stakeholders and partners , which include the academic community , Governments , United Nations system organizations and the private sector ; However , the size of the boards should be kept to a minimum and an option of biennial board meetings could be considered to further reduce institutional costs . At it forty-fifth session in December 1998 , the UNU Council noted that the comments made by the Secretary-General on the report indicated that it would be possible to address the concerns contained within recommendation 3 ( a ) within the framework of the UNU Charter and existing structures and procedures and through a better structured framework for cooperation and consultation between UNU and its various constituencies .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	21	`` How much overweight is she '' ? `` Not a bit '' , I said , `` but she 's keeping her figure in hand '' . She looked at me provocatively .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	56	As Kofi Annan stated in his 1998 report , given the multi-ethnic character of most African States , such competition can lead only to an often violent politicization of ethnicity . The external actors I spoke of earlier thus find it easy to intervene — if not in triggering a conflict , then at least in keeping it alive . There is a new saying in Africa : oil is the source of conflict and war .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	90	However , it is encouraging to note that , because of the proclamation in 2001 of the Decade to Roll Back Malaria and the launching of the Roll Back Malaria initiative three years earlier by WHO , UNICEF , the United Nations Development Programme ( UNDP ) and the World Bank , preventing and fighting the disease are again becoming top priorities at the national and international levels . That is also made clear in the report of the Secretary-General ( A/58/136 ) , submitted to the General Assembly in keeping with the recommendations contained in resolution 57/294 , which the Assembly adopted at its last session . As the report recalls , administering medicines and using insecticide-treated mosquito nets are still the only effective ways to fight the disease .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	81	Nine out of 10 respondents did not agree that an abortion should be permitted if it was by the woman 's choice , if the woman did not feel capable of looking after a child , if the pregnancy was the result of a failure of contraception or if the woman lacked economic resources . - For more than half of those surveyed , the best way to deal with an unwanted pregnancy was to continue with the pregnancy and to keep the baby . - More than half those surveyed agreed or totally agreed that the Church should oppose abortion in all cases. ”
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	21	Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations ( A/ES-10/189 ) The Acting President : In keeping with the established practice , I should now like to invite the attention of the General Assembly to document A/ES-10/189 , which contains a letter addressed to the President of the General Assembly by the Secretary-General informing the Assembly that 18 Member States are in arrears in the payment of their financial contributions to the United Nations within the terms of Article 19 of the Charter . May I take it that the General Assembly duly takes note of this information ?
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	50	It also brings law enforcement and financial regulatory authorities together with the private sector to enable financial institutions to play a role in dealing with the problem . This means , among other things , involving the relevant authorities in establishing financial transaction reporting systems , customer identification , record keeping standards and a means for verifying compliance . Additionally , the International Financial Services Authority , as the Regulatory body that registers and licenses international financial entities and practitioners , plays a key role in ensuring that the financial services sector is not facilitating terrorism and money laundering activities .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	86	2 The General Assembly , Conference and Secretariat buildings , completed in 1951 and 1952 ; the Dag Hammarskjöld Library building , donated by the Ford Foundation in 1961 ; the North Lawn ( printing plant ) and South Annex ( cafeteria ) buildings , added in 1978-1982 ; and the UNITAR building , acquired in 1989 . 3 In locations where the existing pattern of glass and metal includes glass sections that are too large for blast-resistant construction , the original glass wall would be kept and a new blast-resistant glass wall installed behind it . 4 This may become not an option at the Secretariat building but a requirement .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	36	Mr. CAUGHLEY ( New Zealand ) welcomed the adoption of the protocol , though he would have preferred stronger language in some articles . It was his expectation that States parties would implement the protocol in keeping with the letter and spirit of its overall objective . The provisions of articles 3 and 4 were of particular importance .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	77	In order to further enhance the discussion on the report of the Commission , it may be worthwhile to explore possibilities that the informal meeting of Legal Advisers identifies in advance of its meetings one or two topics on the agenda of the Commission which could be a subject of detailed discussion in such a forum , and where possible with the presence of the Special Rapporteur for the topic concerned . The Planning Group agreed to keep under review the possibility of the Commission convening a part of its session in New York . Working Group on Long-term Programme of Work
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	93	Having considered those views , and mindful of the desirability of reminding contracting authorities of the need to refrain from making unnecessary changes to the essential elements in the request for proposals , the Working Group agreed that a cross-reference to draft model provision 11 should substitute for the full list of elements contained in the first sentence of the draft model provision . The Working Group also agreed that , for purposes of transparency , the contracting authority should be required to state in the record of the selection proceedings to be kept pursuant to draft model provision 25 the reasons for any amendment to , or modification in , the elements of the request for proposal under the draft model provision . Subject to those changes , the Working Group approved the substance of the draft model provision and referred it to the drafting group .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	60	Libyan Arab Airlines sustained heavy financial losses amounting to some $ 2 , 861 , 274 , 890 . The company 's management was forced to close most of its offices , both at home and overseas , and to dismiss most of its employees since it was unable to pay their salaries and meet the enormous costs involved in keeping the company in operation at a time it was receiving no revenues . Socialist Airport Company
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	29	There has been heightened concern for the protection of life and property . A considerable amount of resources have been spent to maintain security personnel in the area to keep peace . Despite this , the security personnel have been threatened and shot at .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Force in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-fifth session , under the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations peacekeeping forces in the Middle East ” , the sub-item entitled “ United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon ” . * On behalf of the States Members of the United Nations that are members of the Group of 77 and China .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	17	Suggested improvements to the present practice : On the initiative of one of its members and in keeping with rule 39 of its provisional rules of procedure , the Security Council could resort , as appropriate , to the Arria formula to hear views and obtain or exchange information with personalities , organizations , institutions , or whomever it considers pertinent , involved in a conflict . At no time will the Security Council receive representatives of Governments of United Nations Member States under this mechanism. The level of representation of the Security Council members should be commensurate with that of those invited .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	39	As a result , the delivery of humanitarian relief activities has been seriously affected . I would expect more cooperation from the authorities , in both Western Darfur and Khartoum , to use their influence to ease tensions and keep order so that food aid reaches those in need and the safety of humanitarian workers is ensured . The security situation has also frayed the economic fabric of the region , with significantly reduced agricultural activities and livestock assets and diminished commercial exchange of goods and cattle .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	29	The secretariat of the Conference shall , in accordance with these rules and any pertinent directives of the General Assembly : ( b ) Make and arrange for the keeping of sound recordings of meetings ; ( d ) Report the proceedings of the Conference in appropriate journals ;
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	38	( vi ) Consideration of establishing partnerships with the private sector , including financial businesses , with a view to ensuring sound and effective due-diligence procedures to counter money-laundering ; ( vii ) The introduction of measures to keep centralized statistical data on legal action taken to counter money-laundering ; ( c ) Implementing effective detection , investigation , prosecution and conviction measures , including :
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	22	The authorities responsible for holding persons in detention should be properly trained . The proposal put forward by one delegation is in keeping with this objective . Mention was made of the need to create awareness among the public concerning the offence of enforced disappearance .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	74	We concur with the Working Group that sport should instead be positioned as a highly effective tool in a broader toolkit of development practices and should be applied in a holistic and integrated manner with other interventions and programmes to achieve optimal results . With that in mind , the Government of Jamaica has undertaken a number of initiatives at the national level to implement initiatives to promote sport for development and peace in keeping with General Assembly resolutions on the issue , including last year 's resolution 62/271 . It is also on that basis that Jamaica decided to sponsor the current draft resolution , circulated as document A/63/L.51 .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	23	The system for the Area also had to be competitive with regimes established for areas within national jurisdiction . The Council decided to keep the matter under consideration at its next session , in parallel with the formulation of draft regulations by the Legal and Technical Commission . Next meeting of the Council
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	96	Except for the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea 's tremendous deterrent for self-defence , the United States would have attacked the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea more than once as it had listed the former as part of an “ axis of evil ” and a “ target of pre-emptive nuclear attack ” , and peace on the Korean peninsula and in the region would have been seriously disturbed . The Democratic People 's Republic of Korea 's missile development , test-firing , manufacture and deployment , therefore , serve as a key to keeping the balance of power and to preserving peace and stability in North-East Asia . It is also preposterous for them to term the latest missile launches a “ provocation ” and the like for the mere reason that the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea did not send prior notice about them .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	64	Drug control , crime prevention , terrorism prevention and criminal justice are essential for building safe , just and healthy societies , interacting closely with issues of peace , security , development and the rule of law . An architectural design for a safer world would include the rule of law as the framework , development as a strong social foundation and security to keep it safe , while peace would maintain good neighbourly relations . A fair , effective and credible criminal justice system promotes long-term socio-economic and human development , and shields society from the effects of crime , trafficking , corruption and instability .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	69	Mr. Elnaggar ( Egypt ) stressed the importance of respecting the domestic law of all countries and the ideological , social and cultural diversity of Member States and of the Organization as a whole . With reference to the statements made by the representatives of Australia and Canada , he enquired whether or not , in that context , the application of national law by the Secretariat was in keeping with the letter of rule 103.24 . Ms. McCreery ( Assistant Secretary-General for Human Resources Management ) , replying to the questions posed by delegations , said that the bulletin had not been submitted to the General Assembly because it did not constitute an amendment to the Staff Regulations and Rules but rather an interpretation thereof .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	29	The Secretary-General has repeatedly urged Israel to refrain from the excessive and disproportionate use of deadly force in civilian areas . The Government of Israel must conduct itself in keeping with its obligation as an occupying Power to protect the civilian population . Once again , the United Nations urges it to ensure that the IDF behaves with greater restraint and discipline and in conformity with international humanitarian law .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	71	They should not be allowed to succeed and , to that end , it is essential that the international community provide support to the efforts of those who are working to promote the effective implementation of the Linas-Marcoussis Agreement . It is therefore encouraging to note that President Gbagbo and Prime Minister Diarra have taken commendable initiatives in meeting with the Forces nouvelles in Yamoussoukro and Bouaké to discuss ways of keeping the peace process on track . The steps taken so far by the Forces nouvelles and FANCI to implement the decisions of the Yamoussoukro and Bouaké meetings , as well as the recent return of the Forces nouvelles to the Government , are beginning to give the peace process fresh impetus .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	50	`` We 're just real happy for the players '' , Coach Bill Meek said of the 9 - 7 victory over the Air Force Academy . `` I think the big thing about the game was that our kids for the third straight week stayed in there pitching and kept the pressure on . It was the first time we 've been ahead this season ( when John Richey kicked what proved to be the winning field goal ) '' .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	58	This Division , composed of one staff member in the Professional category and five in the General Service category , is responsible for indexing and classifying all correspondence and documents received or sent by the Court , and for the subsequent retrieval of any such item on request . The duties of this Division include in particular the keeping of an up-to-date index of correspondence , incoming and outgoing , as well as of all documents , both official and other , held on file . Automation of the management and status of archives files , the final phase of automation and computerization of the Division , is now in progress .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	32	Donors and donor countries should also be urged to reconsider their attitude towards development assistance so that such assistance might have a significant impact on the economy . The international community must keep up its pressure in favour of respect for human rights , especially social and economic rights , but pressure and support combined would be more effective than retaliatory measures alone . Such an approach would strengthen the moderates ' influence and lead more rapidly to the conclusion of a peace agreement .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	62	Throughout the decade of the 1990s - starting with the first Security Council summit , in 1992 , followed by major United Nations conferences covering issues of the environment , human rights , population , women 's issues and social development - the overarching theme of peace and its multifaceted relationship with development has influenced our thinking . All these years , keeping the peace has been a major and recurrent preoccupation of the United Nations as conflicts kept breaking out and as peacemaking succeeded or failed . I want to make some general observations in relation to the concept of peace-building , its current pattern and the role of the United Nations , the international community and other actors , as well as some remarks on specific points .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	62	Some members were of the opinion that the Special Rapporteur 's proposal was , quite rightly , entirely in line with the Vienna Conventions and was intended only to adapt the 1969 and 1986 definition of reservations to objections . They considered that the intention of the objecting State , a key element of the proposed definition , had to be in keeping with article 21 , paragraph 3 , and article 20 , paragraph 4 ( b ) , of the 1969 Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties . The definition must not include “ quasi-objections ” or the expression of “ wait-and-see ” positions in relation to a reservation .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	41	OECD engagement in the area stems from its strong belief in and support for multilateralism and the rule of law . OECD exhorts all countries , developed and developing , to use economic measures only as a last resort and in keeping with the principles of international law as laid down in the Charter of the United Nations and with the principles of the multilateral trading system as embodied in the agreements of the World Trade Organization . A/60/111 , annex I .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	36	On the other hand , if the Government of Angola were to accept the idea of humanitarian corridors , that would obviously be a gesture of encouragement to the population . It would also be in keeping with the current efforts being undertaken by the Angolan Government and by Mr. Gambari — efforts that France fully supports — with a view to relaunching the Angolan peace process on the basis of the Lusaka Protocol . In that context , even an indirect discussion between the two parties on the establishment of humanitarian corridors would be a first step that could prove decisive for the return to the peace process .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	50	A strict liability is considered to put too much burden on the shipper . Some delegations have felt that the words within the chapeau could be deleted because of the fact that these are to be considered as implied terms , while others have argued that these words should be kept in the text . Regarding the reference to the timeliness , accuracy and completeness it must be noted that according to article 31 ( 2 ) , variant B , the shipper is deemed to have guaranteed them in relation to article 30 ( b ) and ( c ) .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	51	Having considered the report of the Commission on the work of its thirty-third session , Concerned that activities undertaken by other bodies of the United Nations system in the field of international trade law without coordination with the Commission might lead to undesirable duplication of efforts and would not be in keeping with the aim of promoting efficiency , consistency and coherence in the unification and harmonization of international trade law , as stated in its resolution 37/106 of 16 December 1982 , Stressing the importance of the further development of case law on United Nations Commission on International Trade Law texts in promoting the uniform application of the legal texts of the Commission and its value for government officials , practitioners and academics ,
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	10	23 ( b ) Non Acceptance . Colombia wishes to keep all possibilities open to reach a negotiated peace with illegal armed groups , and that requires a favourable environment . The National Justice System investigates and prosecutes war crimes .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	15	Add remaining ingredients and bring to a boil . Simmer about 10 minutes , and keep warm for serving . To prepare mustard cream , blend mustard with enough water to make a thin paste .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	18	Interaction between the Least Developed Countries Expert Group and Ethiopia 's national adaptation programme of action team In keeping with its practice of interacting with the national NAPA teams where the LEG meeting is hosted , the LEG conducted an interactive session with representatives of Ethiopia 's NAPA team . Ethiopia 's NAPA team presented an overview of the NAPA process , its institutional arrangements and stakeholder consultations , and plans for implementation .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	44	Notes the usefulness of identifying the theme for the 2011-2012 review and policy cycle during the forty-eighth session of the Commission ; Decides that the Commission should maintain the two-year review and policy cycle until its fiftieth session and that it should continue to keep its methods of work under review . 42nd plenary meeting 24 July 2008
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	36	Because the Committee engaged in constructive dialogue , it always identified positive aspects before pointing out areas of concern and recommending how the State party might accelerate implementation of and compliance with the Convention . In keeping with its custom , the Committee had raised the issue of the reservations which the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea , Ireland , Israel and Lebanon maintained in connection with the Convention . It considered some of those reservations to be incompatible with the Convention 's object and purpose and urged States parties to keep them under review , reduce their scope and establish timetables for withdrawing them .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	29	I am certain today that the African Union will be able to play its role today . Our hope is that the promises made in forums worldwide will be kept , and that tomorrow we will have an African Union which is well-established and capable of making its contribution to world peace . That is our hope ; I thank all participants for their kind words about the African Union .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	50	A determination about this question during peace negotiations and its appropriate reflection in resulting peace agreements is useful for stabilizing post-conflict security situations . The report of the Secretary-General of 11 February 2000 on the role of United Nations peacekeeping in disarmament , demobilization and reintegration mentions the United Nations keeping custody of collected weapons so that they can be handed over to restructured armed forces . The Programme of Action has provided for the destruction of seized or collected weapons with prior marking and for keeping a record of the disposal .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	55	Both shudder at the thought of proceeding too far beyond the sewage system and the electric light lines . The commercial propagandist , who can n't afford to be critical , gets along well with the amateur , from whom he feeds , but he frequently steps on the analyst 's toes by refusing to keep his material genuine . His standards are , of course , completely foreign to those of the analyst .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	67	In September 2000 , the Governor proposed a total budget of $ 201.5 million. This includes $ 73.6 million for basic government operations , $ 10.4 million in capital improvement projects and $ 74.5 million in Enterprise Funds ( public funds intended to facilitate private investment in poorer areas ) . Government operational expenditures are about 9 per cent lower than in the previous year , in keeping with a target set by the Governor.6 The Senate later reduced the budget by $ 1.3 million , anticipating lower revenues than the Governor had.7 Capital improvement projects and Enterprise Funds are also federal projects .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	57	“ The Security Council encourages the Secretary-General through his representatives to continue to engage the armed groups and contribute to coordinated efforts to bring about a political settlement of the conflict . “ The Security Council reiterates its call to the donor community to increase its humanitarian and development assistance to the people of Burundi , in keeping with their pledges given at the Paris Donor Conference on 11-12 December 2000 . “ The Security Council remains actively seized of the situation in Burundi , and in this context , will continue to receive regular reporting from the Secretariat on developments in and around the country .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	101	All this information must be entered into the two forms attached to the transaction which must be signed by the client and by the employee of the bank or financial institution who is responsible for approving the transaction . On receipt of a transfer in excess of 5 , 000 Libyan dinars or the equivalent in another currency for payment in cash or traveller 's cheques to a client who does not have accounts at the bank , or in the case of transfers received from an exchange bureau , the form prepared for such transactions must be filled in and kept in a special folder . Particular care and attention must be exercised when a person whose name does not appear on the power of attorney for an existing account deposits cash or traveller 's cheques into the account or if such person is not one of the account holder 's employees or usual correspondents .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	20	One either values the general debate or not . We therefore support the Chairman 's proposals , as well as keeping the general debate as is , namely , to take place in seven meetings . We do not feel that it is appropriate at this stage here today to micromanage next year 's general debate .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	102	( f ) Formulate and propose rules and standards for quality control and monitoring of imports of medicines , cosmetics , instruments , devices and medical equipment for human use ; monitor healthy food production and marketing , including sanitary monitoring of carbonated beverages and water for human consumption ; administer and monitor the regime of health permits , licenses , certificates and registrations for the domestic market in Nicaragua , in keeping with its powers and with provisions in force , and administer the registration of the foregoing ; ( g ) Administer the registry of health-care professionals and technicians in keeping with its powers and with provisions in force , and monitor their professional practices ; ( h ) Promote scientific research and dissemination , training , continuing education and maintenance of professional standards among health-care providers ;
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	31	You may order utility models , inboard or outboard , with or without toilets , galleys , and bunks . You may dress it up with any number of accessories or keep it as simple as you choose . Designers and manufacturers have produced models for purchasers who run the gamut from a nautical version of the elderly Pasadena lady who never drove more than five miles an hour on her once-a-month ride around the block , to the sportiest boatman who insists on all the dash , color , flair and speed possible to encompass in a single boat .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	26	Germany and the European Union are presently considering further substantial support for the African Union mission . In the coming weeks , we will have to keep developments in the Sudan under very close scrutiny . At the end of the month , the Secretary-General will again report to us .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	15	Action by the Committee In pursuance of its mandate , the Committee will continue to keep under review the situation relating to the question of Palestine and participate in relevant meetings of the Security Council and the General Assembly . The Committee will also continue to monitor the situation on the ground and draw the attention of the international community to urgent developments in the Occupied Palestinian Territory , including East Jerusalem , requiring international action .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	21	Requests the Rapporteur to report to the Special Committee in 2010 on the implementation of the present resolution ; Decides to keep the question of Puerto Rico under continuous review . Provisional agenda for the 6180th meeting of the Security Council
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	52	Question : Please provide a progress report on the ratification of the relevant conventions and protocols which Brazil has signed . Reply : The Brazilian Government is taking the necessary action to associate Brazil with the 12 international agreements negotiated at the United Nations and the International Atomic Energy Agency , in keeping with the importance Brazil attaches to the primacy of law in combating terrorism . Nine agreements have already been incorporated in domestic legislation , and three are in various stages of analysis , with a view to final approval .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	102	The international community knows full well that the main reason for the conflict is Israel 's declared desire to continue to occupy Arab territories and its disregard of Security Council resolutions 242 ( 1967 ) , 338 ( 1973 ) and 425 ( 1978 ) , the principle of land for peace , the terms of the Madrid Conference , and the peace initiative adopted by the Beirut Arab Summit , which laid the foundation for a resolution of the Arab-Israeli conflict . Syria reiterates before this special session that the peace to which we aspire is a comprehensive peace , in keeping with resolutions of international legality , which means putting an end to the occupation and Israel 's withdrawal to the lines of 4 June 1967 on all fronts , as well as recognition of the right of the Palestinian people to establish their independent State , with Jerusalem as its capital . It does not mean flouting the rights of the Palestinian people .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	15	It means more than attending meetings and even paying our dues . It also means keeping our commitments . The treaties we sign must not remain a dead letter .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	26	In a traditional peacekeeping operation the parties have agreed to settle disputes without the use of force . However , they are not always able to keep this obligation , and some outbursts of violence are expected because the parties are or are perceived to be provoked . Factions within the parties or local warlords might retain armed elements not controlled by the parties signing the peace agreement .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	27	Hence , the Administration has no basis on which to consider a new policy . However , as previously recommended by the Board , the Administration will keep this matter under review and make the appropriate changes should there be new developments or should the General Assembly change its position . Department responsible : recommendation falls under the purview of the General Assembly
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	66	Article 1 of the State Employees Unionization and Regulation of Strikes Act provides that : “ Employees of the State and its decentralized and autonomous entities may exercise their freedom to form and join unions and their right to strike in accordance with the provisions of this Act , with the exception of the armed forces and police. ” Article 2 of the Act , in keeping with the restrictions imposed on the right to strike , adds that : “ The right to strike of employees of the State and its decentralized and autonomous entities shall be subject to the provisions of this Act and the Labour Code with the exception of the essential public services mentioned in this article , which shall in no case be affected. Strikes called in solidarity with other unions or with movements springing from ad hoc committees , or on grounds unrelated to socio-economic claims , are categorically forbidden. ” The Act also specifies that , for the purposes of the Constitution , the following are declared to be essential public services :
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	37	In any case he would be thrusting a burden on his remaining sons , making them parties to a deception peculiarly his own . It was simply his necessity to confess which had made him write and keep this thing . `` You 've told God , Frank '' , he said .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	70	The 1993 System of National Accounts ( 1993 SNA ) had been adopted by a growing number of countries but the Committee had noted that there were concerns about the comparability of national accounts data . Recalling its earlier decision that it was more important to have available recent and reliable data than conceptually comparable data ( A/56/11 , paras. 85 and 86 ) , the Committee had decided to keep the matter under review and had encouraged Member States to consider adopting the 1993 SNA and to respond promptly to the National Accounts Questionnaire . With respect to the complex and extremely technical question of the conversion rates used in the scale of assessments , the Committee had decided to continue its review of the revised method of calculating price-adjusted rates of exchange ( PAREs ) and of the problem posed by the choice of criteria for deciding ways in which market exchange rates ( MERs ) could be replaced by other conversion rates , for example PAREs .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	38	Victims of cross-border trafficking were prosecuted as illegal aliens rather than being treated as victims of a crime ; women and young girls trafficked into the sex industry were charged with prostitution instead of receiving assistance . In keeping with her mandate , she would focus on the human-rights aspects of trafficking in persons . Her actions would be guided by two basic principles : the human rights of trafficked persons would be at the centre of all efforts to combat trafficking and to protect , assist and provide redress to those affected ; and anti-trafficking measures should not adversely affect the human rights and dignity of the persons concerned .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	57	Currently Belarusian ministries and State bodies are working on an expert assessment of the provisions of Protocol V to the CCW Convention with a view to drawing up an agreed expert opinion concerning the desirability of accession by Belarus to this international legal instrument . It should be pointed out that current Belarusian legislation is generally in keeping with the provisions of Protocol V to the CCW Convention , notably as regards the requirements set out in articles 3 to 6 of the Protocol . In order to store and recycle outdated equipment and munitions , two linked State programmes are being carried out , for the distribution and storage of munitions and the recycling of conventional munitions .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	38	The Board does recognize that budget rephasing may have occurred subsequently . However , it remains concerned about the risk of budget overruns given the material amounts of budgeted project expenditure rephased from 2005 to 2004 and will keep this matter under review . Recommendations under implementation , as validated by the Board
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	23	Chapter II of the Advisory Committee 's report contained detailed observations and recommendations on the revised estimates , by budget section . In keeping with past practice and rule 157 of the General Assembly 's rules of procedure , the Advisory Committee had decided that the Secretary-General 's report required the same in-depth , line-by-line examination traditionally accorded to the programme budget itself . There were a number of major proposals under budget section 1 , the first of which concerned the establishment of an ethics office .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	16	LEG interaction with Bangladesh 's NAPA team In conjunction with its ninth meeting , and in keeping with its practice of interacting with NAPA teams of the host country , the LEG conducted an interactive session with representatives of the Bangladesh NAPA team . The Bangladesh NAPA team noted that it had already submitted its NAPA to the secretariat .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	33	The representative of Canada had asked about the implications of continued non-payment of assessed contributions for the Tribunals . The Secretariat had so far borrowed $ 55 million from closed peacekeeping missions to keep the Tribunals in operation . That practice could not continue indefinitely : the resources of closed peacekeeping missions were finite and must eventually be returned to the Member States to which they were owed .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	44	In other words , we will avoid being too prescriptive , and I think it is necessary to avoid being too prescriptive , and at the same time we must ensure that we do not exclude anything a priori from our work . In keeping with our approach , a treaty banning the production of fissile material for military purposes has to do as much with disarmament as non-proliferation , whether the latter be horizontal or vertical . It should in our opinion be possible to tackle the whole issue of existing stocks of fissile material , and first of all stocks that have been declared in surplus , totally transparently if we wish to arrive at a balanced and effective instrument .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	57	During the general exchange of views held at the 236th meeting of the Special Committee , some delegations expressed the view that even though the Trusteeship Council might be considered as having fulfilled its historic mission , it would be premature to abolish it or to assign new functions to it . The point was made that keeping the organ in existence had no financial implications for the United Nations . It was observed that the abolition of the Council or changing its status would entail an amendment to the Charter of the United Nations , and therefore should be considered in the overall context of the reform of the Organization and the amendments to its Charter .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	39	For this they need a robust mandate , shaped by clear political objectives and backed by a strong international consensus . Furthermore , they must be provided with adequate resources and appropriate reinforcement so they can protect civilians , keep the peace and maintain security when confronted by significant opposition . With your help and that of the General Assembly , we have been able to implement many of the recommendations in the Brahimi report .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	44	It identified a number of broad principles on which the Government 's policy on women is based . Through its ministries and agencies , the Government of Guyana has continued to develop policies and programmes to promote the equality of women in law in keeping with its undertakings as a signatory to the United Nations Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women . We are working towards the transformation of cultural attitudes , customs and practices that discriminate against women .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	60	It is clear that Israel is stubbornly and intransigently persisting in impeding peace efforts intended to defuse tension and to create conditions conducive to a resumption of the political dialogue and to a return to negotiations . Notwithstanding all of the efforts made by the Palestinian side to show good faith and good intentions and to reform its institutions in keeping with the vision and the requirements of influential international parties , and despite the calm we had seen in the past six weeks , Israel has continued to perpetrate barbaric military actions against innocent Palestinian civilians . Israel has not stopped its harassment of the legitimate President of Palestine , President Arafat .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	45	Reiterates its firm support for the mission of good offices of the Secretary-General in order to assist the parties in complying with the request made by the General Assembly in its resolutions on the question of the Falkland Islands ( Malvinas ) ; Decides to keep under review the question of the Falkland Islands ( Malvinas ) subject to the directives that the General Assembly has issued and may issue in that regard . Chapter XII
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	31	Our starting point must be the goals of an immediate ceasefire , an end to arms trafficking and an opening of the crossings . But we also have a responsibility to keep alive the vision of a peaceful Middle East in which Palestinians have the dignity of statehood and Israelis have recognition and security from their neighbours . That is the responsibility of the Council , that is our task today and those are responsibilities and tasks that the United Kingdom wants to help resolve .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	58	In UNMEE and ONUB , records of fuel in tanks were not maintained to determine book balances with which periodic physical measurements could be reconciled . Because of the lack of a uniform monitoring mechanism in the missions and the varying levels of controls put in place for the monitoring of fuel consumption , and the corresponding records kept or the lack thereof ( see related findings in paras. 33-36 below ) , OIOS was unable to make a consolidated summary of all the discrepancies and abnormal consumption patterns found . The individual audit reports issued to the missions concerned discuss in detail examples of irregular consumption patterns and discrepancies , where the availability of mission records enabled OIOS to analyse them .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	71	Mr. Morán Bovio ( Spain ) said that his delegation supported the proposal made by the Observer for Australia on paragraph ( 1 ) , and that , in an attempt to accommodate the United Kingdom proposal , it might be necessary to study the content of paragraphs ( 1 ) and ( 3 ) in terms of their similarities . His delegation was still weighing the advantages and disadvantages of keeping paragraph ( 2 ) . He believed that the representative of France might be correct in his arguments in favour of retaining paragraph ( 2 ) .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	69	The United States of America also draws a distinction between “ dangerous animals ” and those “ normally harmless ” . The civil codes ( CC ) of many States , including those of Belgium , the Czech Republic , France , Italy and Spain , impose strict liability upon the owner or keeper of an animal for the damage it causes , whether the animal was in his keeping or had strayed or escaped . The same rule however is applied to all animals irrespective of their nature .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	55	Our world is in constant flux. The ardent desire for peace and security and the search for democracy and well-being are , with each passing day , becoming ever more rooted in people 's minds . During the past few years , Burkina Faso has undertaken wide-ranging political and economic reforms , which are in keeping with the permanent validity of these universal values . Politically , the reforms undertaken by the Government , based on a consensus approach , have enabled it to improve the institutional environment and to meet the expectations of the political class and civil society .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Force in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its sixty-first session , under the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations peacekeeping forces in the Middle East ” , the sub-item entitled “ United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon ” . 92nd plenary meeting 2 April 2007
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	36	Such a mechanism would contribute to a common understanding of how to apply the standards set out by the arms trade treaty . There should also be a practical and non-disruptive monitoring mechanism in order to keep track of the results achieved by the arms trade treaty . The Netherlands expects that States parties will regularly evaluate the scope and implementation of the treaty .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	20	Uzbekistan will certainly do its best in that regard . Taking into consideration the continuing consultations and the need to keep this issue on our agenda , the delegation of Uzbekistan , on behalf of all five Central Asian States , is pleased to submit for the Committee 's attention the draft decision before it . On behalf of the five countries , allow me to express our sincere hope that this draft decision will enjoy the support of all delegations and be adopted by consensus .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	45	Reiterates its firm support for the mission of good offices of the Secretary-General in order to assist the parties in complying with the request made by the General Assembly in its resolutions on the question of the Falkland Islands ( Malvinas ) ; Decides to keep under review the question of the Falkland Islands ( Malvinas ) subject to the directives that the General Assembly has issued and may issue in that regard . Second Committee
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	77	This situation has highlighted urgency of the bill to amend the State Security Act by repealing the provision giving the courts exceptional powers to suspend publications or broadcasts which have committed the offences of defamation , insult or slander against the authorities . Disagreement exists here between the groups sponsoring the amendment of the Act , who seek to eliminate the special safeguards for the dignity of the authorities , and their opponents , who wish to keep the provision in force for some officials . Another of the judicial procedures preventing the proper practice of journalism is the ban on information issued by the courts in cases of public disturbance .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	30	`` There 's a church you should see '' , she said . And when they stood by the fountain in the piazza looking at Santa Maria he had to keep a straight face , not letting on he had been there with Alberto . He let her tell him all about the church .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	21	Delete the last sentence of paragraph 4 and insert a new paragraph 5 , to read : All this is in keeping with and directly responding to the Triennial Comprehensive Policy Review of 2007 ( General Assembly resolution 62/208 ) , where it is recognized that “ current trends in development assistance , including sector-wide approaches and budget support , pose challenges to the United Nations ” , and which stressed that “ the United Nationals can play a role in assisting developing countries to manage these aid modalities ” . In 2004 , the Triennial Comprehensive Policy Review ( General Assembly resolution 59/250 ) had already asked the United Nations system to “ support national capacities for the management of various aid modalities , including system-wide approaches and budget support ” .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	51	In Geneva , the Palais des Nations site is an architectural ensemble dating from the 1930s whose buildings , as well as the furnishings and decoration in the conference and reception rooms , reflect the art and culture of the States Members of the United Nations . Those areas must be kept in good operating condition and in compliance with occupational safety and health standards . The site must be protected from all risks of damage to or disappearance of property .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	50	Additionally , the Special Committee took into consideration the relevant documents of other intergovernmental bodies concerned , to which reference is made in the last preambular paragraph of resolution A/AC.109/2000/27 adopted on 17 July 2000 ( see para. 25 below ) . In 1994 , the Special Committee , in keeping with its consistent goal of limiting documentation and streamlining its report to the General Assembly , recommended to the Assembly that , in preparing the general working papers on the Territories , the Secretariat should , where applicable , incorporate under separate headings those sections relating to economic and other activities which affect the interests of the people of the Non-Self-Governing Territories and those on military activities and arrangements in those Territories . By adopting resolution 49/89 of 16 December 1994 , the Assembly approved , inter alia , that recommendation .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	45	The many protective measures in Belarusian legislation barring women from working in hazardous conditions or in physically demanding jobs were well-intentioned but had the effect of exacerbating women 's unemployment . Many women removed from jobs for their own protection might well have preferred to keep them . One area of particular concern was violence against women .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	57	Recalls the endorsement of the report of the Forum Ministerial Committee on New Caledonia by leaders of the Pacific Islands Forum at its 36th Summit , in October 2005 in Papua New Guinea , and the continuing role of the Forum Ministerial Committee in monitoring developments in the Territory and encouraging closer regional engagements ; Decides to keep under continuous review the process unfolding in New Caledonia as a result of the signing of the Nouméa Accord ; Requests the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples to continue the examination of the question of the Non-Self-Governing Territory of New Caledonia and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its sixty-third session .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	44	However , in the same article , Professor Stiglitz warns us that there is a huge gap between what the developed countries preach and what they practice . For example , while they work to force developing countries to open their markets , they keep their own markets closed to many imports from developing countries in well-known areas , such as agriculture and textiles . The message from Stiglitz is simple and clear : if the developing countries are to be helped — and clearly in the commitments we made in the Millennium Declaration we are declaring that we do want to help the developing countries — the developed countries will have to make real changes in their economic policies .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	94	The Department of Peacekeeping Operations has a twofold responsibility for gender mainstreaming : ( a ) incorporating gender perspectives into its own work in all phases of peacekeeping operations ; and ( b ) assisting the efforts of the affected population in post-conflict situations to incorporate gender perspectives into work on reconstructing administrative structures , institution-building , combating organized crime , enforcing the rule of law and implementing other post-conflict activities , including nation-building . By addressing challenges at both levels , the Department of Peacekeeping Operations can contribute more effectively not only to keeping the peace , but in building a sustainable peace that addresses the needs of both men and women , which allows both men and women to contribute to rebuilding their war-torn societies , and thereby increase the chances that a society will not revert to war . Currently the limited work being done at Headquarters on gender mainstreaming in peacekeeping activities has been financed on a temporary and ad hoc basis by voluntary contributions .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	55	The widespread acceptance of the concept of sustainable development in government , industry and civil society was itself seen as an achievement by some countries . Unfortunately , the progress achieved in the implementation of the provisions of Agenda 21 has been uneven and the commitments made by developed countries at UNCED have not been kept in the view of many developing countries . Given those circumstances , the economies of many developing countries , particularly in Africa , have deteriorated , resulting in an overwhelming increase in poverty and inequality , threats to human health , accelerated bio-diversity loss , increasing desertification , unsustainable use of natural resources and mounting vulnerability to natural disasters .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	34	A number of these Regulations apply to explosives . Hazardous Substances ( Classes 1 to 5 Control ) Regulations 2001 - these provide a system for the certification of locations where explosives may be kept and for persons who have the prescribed levels of competency and experience to handle or be in possession of explosives ( the latter does not apply to ammunition but does apply to the explosive components used for the manufacture of ammunition ) ; and Hazardous Substances ( Tracking ) Regulations 2001 - these provide a system for recording the location and movement of explosives at each stage of the lifecycle . The Environmental Risk Management Authority of New Zealand issues an import certificate for each import shipment .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	45	The Act defines freedom of faith as a constitutional right of citizens to profess any religion or none , to express and disseminate beliefs connected with their attitude to religion and to participate in the performance of religious worship , rituals and ceremonies . In keeping with the universally recognized rules of international law , the Freedom of Faiths and Religious Organizations Act sets out the conditions for the establishment of religious organizations . Whereas previously the establishment of such an organization required an application from at least 500 citizens of Turkmenistan , it now requires only an application from five adult citizens permanently resident in the country .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	23	( d ) Misdeclaration of the country of origin ; ( e ) The movement of diamonds through tax havens that do not keep records of this , and probably an increase in this trade ; ( f ) Increasingly complex import routes for suspect diamonds into diamond centres .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	41	The arrest warrant or detention order shall be enforceable until the Indictments Chamber hands down its decision . The State party notes that the Indictments Chamber had deemed the investigation incomplete , had ordered additional information to be provided and had kept the authors in custody pending its decision on the merits , handed down on 30 December 1998 . The Indictments Chamber shall furthermore issue an arrest warrant for any accused prosecuted for a crime specified by the Chamber. Such warrant is immediately enforceable .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	36	In the interest of justice and stability , not only in Rwanda but also in the Great Lakes region , apprehending and extraditing those under indictment need to be given greater attention . This is in keeping with the obligation by all Member States to support the Tribunal in discharging its mandate . We should do nothing that might subvert the 2008 completion target that the Tribunal has set for itself .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	35	The Working Group agreed that , in paragraphs 1 and 2 : - The word “ fifth ” should be substituted for the word “ third ” and the word “ twentieth ” should be kept as an alternative in the text ; - The alternatives “ [ one year ] ” and “ [ six months ] ” should both be retained ; and
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	125	xi. Emphasize that enhanced market access for goods and services of export interest to developing countries to the markets of developed countries , as well as special and differential treatment for the developing countries , balanced rules and well-targeted sustainably financed technical assistance and capacity building programmes for developing countries are needed for the realization of the development dimension highlighted in the Doha work Programme , and commit to its successful conclusion consistent with the development needs and priorities of developing countries . In this regard we further emphasize that the High Level plenary meeting of the General Assembly should give a strong message and provide clear direction for an expeditious conclusion of the Doha Round , which should ensure that the development dimension is kept in focus and should bring much needed benefits to developing countries in the area of trade . xii. Emphasize the need to provide an immediate solution to the question of commodities , and in this context , stress the need for a more effective international arrangement to address the problems of weak and volatile commodity prices , which pose a serious constraint on sustained development in a majority of developing countries .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	28	The presidential statement that we will adopt reflects our will and determination to adopt concrete measures to make progress in establishing a culture of prevention . Let us keep that will and determination in focus . There is no doubt that the costs will be significant , but they will be amply offset by the promise of a better future free from conflicts .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	37	Also decides that all staff appointed or assigned to non-family missions should be installed in accordance with conditions of the United Nations common system , without the special-operations approach ; Requests the International Civil Service Commission to keep the issue of United Nations common system conditions of service in the field under review ; Decides to keep the issue of United Nations common system conditions of service in the field under review ;
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	52	The question of the situation in Somalia has been a genuinely difficult one for the Security Council to address . Many factors — related to the political , security and development areas — have needed to be weighed in making a decision , along with the imperative of building a peace to keep . I should like to express the thanks of my Government and our Foreign Secretary to the United States and Secretary Rice for all the hard work that has gone into this resolution , in particular their efforts to take into account the concerns of others , including those of the United Kingdom .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	85	The majority of members nevertheless agreed that the enlargement of the scope of a reservation should be treated as the late formulation of a reservation , since the restrictions applicable to the late formulation of a reservation should definitely be maintained . In that regard , it was noted that guideline 2.3.3 on objection to late formulation of a reservation had to be adapted to the case of the enlargement of a reservation because , in the case of an objection , the reservation is kept in its original form . Ruling out the possibility of the enlargement of reservations would be much too rigid an approach .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	46	“ `Furthermore , the Commission agreed that the issue of measures for improving the effectiveness of the methods of work of the Disarmament Commission will be considered in plenary meetings at its substantive session , with equitable time allocated to it' ” . I believe that keeping “ its substantive session ” would fall in line with the proposal — which I believe was made by our colleague from Austria — regarding paragraphs 6 , 8 and 9 . Mr. Najafi ( Islamic Republic of Iran ) : We can go along with the proposal just made by our colleague from Egypt .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	93	Following the principles of sovereign equality of States , non-interference in their internal affairs and freedom of trade and international shipping referred to in the resolution , the Russian Federation reaffirms its intention to continue furthering normal trade and economic ties with Cuba , based on reciprocal interest and mutual advantage , without any discrimination or detriment to the legitimate rights and interests of the two countries . Guided by the fundamental principles of the Charter concerning the inadmissibility of discriminatory measures or interference in the affairs of sovereign States , and in keeping with the position it has adopted at previous sessions of the General Assembly , the Russian Federation is convinced of the need to vote at the present session in favour of the draft resolution calling for the embargo to be lifted . We express the hope that the normalization of Cuba-United States relations , which the international community has consistently advocated , will enable the situation in the region to improve radically and relations between the United States and Cuba to develop on a basis of mutual understanding and close cooperation , and in the interest of the well-being and prosperity of the peoples of both countries .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	15	Financial and fiscal incentives Often financial and fiscal incentives are needed to enable SMEs to keep up their cash flow or to assist disadvantaged enterprises in rural areas or in distressed sectors . Among the incentives that may be considered are :
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	12	He was his own man , not an automatic obstructionist . He kept his attacks on Republicanism for partisan campaigns , but that is part of the game he was born to play . Under any name - Mr. Speaker , Mr. Democrat , Mr. Sam - he was a good man .
keep%2:31:00::	keep.v	87	The Committee notes the launch of the National Education Campaign by the Drug Enforcement Commission but remains concerned at the practice of substance abuse by children , the lack of statistics on this issue and the limited capacities of the specific institutions in the State party to treat drug-addicted children . The Committee recommends that the State party strengthen its efforts to prevent substance abuse by children , giving particular attention to vulnerable groups ; make additional efforts to monitor the incidence of substance abuse and to keep accurate statistics on the phenomenon ; and develop mechanisms and structures through which assistance , including health and rehabilitative assistance , can be provided to children who abuse substances . Street children
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	71	The Meeting took note that of the designation of Her Excellency , Clara Inés Vargas of Colombia as Secretary-General of the Second Review Conference and the appointment by the Secretary General of the United Nations of Mr. Peter Kolorav of the United Nations Office for Disarmament Affairs , Geneva Branch , as provisional Executive Secretary of the Second Review Conference . In addition , the President-designate informed the Meeting that in keeping with past practice she had asked Mr. Kerry Brinkert , Director of the Implementation Support Unit , to serve as the President 's Executive Coordinator . The Meeting considered a discussion paper prepared by the President-designate APLC/CONF/2009/PM.1/5 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	24	The legitimization of the current dependency arrangements for expediency 's sake could not be an acceptable approach . The international community must , in keeping with the Millennium Declaration , dedicate itself with renewed energy to helping peoples still under colonial domination to exercise their right to self-determination , as stated by the President of the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session , Mr. Julian Hunte , a former chairman of the Special Committee on decolonization , when he had pointed out that many of the remaining Non-Self-Governing Territories were located in the Caribbean . The Caribbean Community also endorsed the view expressed by the Heads of State or Government of the Movement of Non-Aligned Countries , meeting in Kuala Lumpur in February 2003 , who had underlined the continued validity of the principle of the fundamental and inalienable right of peoples to self-determination and had renewed their commitment to hasten the complete elimination of colonialism and to support the effective implementation of the Plan of Action for the Decade .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	62	My Government , determined to participate in the reconstruction drive , has already started a number of projects , including the construction of a road from the Iranian border to Herat , which is important given the land-locked status of Afghanistan . Legislative and administrative work is also under way to fund a number of other reconstruction projects in Afghanistan , in keeping with the pledge my country made at the Tokyo Conference . We hope that the cultural , historical and linguistic affinities between Iran and Afghanistan will enable us effectively to contribute to the reconstruction of Afghanistan .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	106	At the outset , we wish to note with satisfaction the tangible achievements and progress made in the overall situation in Timor-Leste , as indicated in the report of the Secretary-General ( S/2005/99 ) , especially in the improved security situation , with respect to State institutions and capacities , and in terms of promoting democracy and human rights , during UNMISET 's final consolidation phase over the past year . We are pleased with the steady , positive developments being made in the country , since Japan , as a friend in Asia , has quite substantially participated in assisting Timor-Leste in the process of keeping the peace and consolidating the gains of peace , through UNMISET and other multilateral and bilateral frameworks . We would like to commend Special Representative Hasegawa and his staff , and those working on the ground , for their valuable contributions , and we express our high expectations that they will push on with their efforts , as the mission 's mandate approaches its end in May , to make those achievements as solid and sustainable as possible .
keep%2:31:00::	keep.v	67	2.1 The complainant has a long history of human rights activism in Tunisia , where , over the past 24 years , he has helped set up and run human rights monitoring organizations . In 1998 , he co-founded the National Council for Fundamental Freedoms in Tunisia ( CNLT ) , which the Tunisian Government refused to register as a legal non-governmental organization ( NGO ) and kept under constant surveillance . In 2003 , he co-founded the Tunisian Association against Torture ( ATLT ) .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	77	We have also decided to establish joint production bases and transportation linkages. These initiatives carry on the momentum begun last year when the Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific ( ESCAP ) adopted a resolution proposed by Thailand on the “ Decade of Greater Mekong Subregion Development Cooperation , 2000-2009 ” . This subregion has been placed at the forefront of the Asia-Pacific development agenda. In addition , Thailand also has a role in keeping peace in the region. We take special pride in the fact that two Thai Generals have successively served as Force Commanders of the United Nations Transitional Administration in East Timor ( UNTAET ) , the successor operation to the International Force in East Timor ( INTERFET ) . We envisage the United Nations playing a major role in strengthening the foundation for a future world that will be peaceful , tolerant , and sustainable for our peoples and future generations. Therefore , Thailand is fully supportive of the United Nations Year of Dialogue among Civilizations and participated actively in the recently concluded World Conference against Racism , Racial Discrimination , Xenophobia and Related Intolerance held in Durban , South Africa .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	51	Those reports would be independent of my regular progress reports on MONUC to the Council . As the Panel of Experts on the Illegal Exploitation of Natural Resources and Other Forms of Wealth of the Democratic Republic of the Congo has completed its work , it would also be important to keep the spotlight on that important issue , and to encourage the Transitional Government to adopt the necessary laws to ensure the fair and equitable management of natural resources and help the international community to regulate its involvement in this vital sector . My Special Representative is considering the best way in which the United Nations system can address the matter , taking into account the economic and social mandates of the United Nations agencies and programmes , and I shall revert to the Security Council on this matter in my next progress report .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	40	Mr. Zinsou ( Benin ) ( spoke in French ) : I am deeply concerned about this situation , and I have taken note of it . I would like to recall that the wording that has been retained was kept as it was because the same delegation that has taken the floor to challenge the paragraph as it is now worded did not want it included in the text in the way that delegation has phrased it today . That delegation said that the report was not prepared in order to record the views of the Chair , but to convey the views of the Group .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	47	Each of the spouses is free to independently decide whether to continue with the present occupation or choose another one . When consenting to marriage , spouses are free to choose either the other spouse 's family name , the connected family names of both spouse , keep the family name they had before marriage , or the combination of spouse ' name and their own family name . With reference to legal ownership rights over spouse property , article 17 of the Family Code stipulates that property acquired by spouses during marriage is community property of the husband and wife .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	30	Medical , psychological and social supervision is provided , and family visits are allowed . The State party maintains that the conditions in which the complainant was held were in keeping with Tunisian regulations governing prison establishments , which conform to relevant international standards . 8.8 Contrary to the allegations that the medical consequences suffered by the complainant are due to torture , the State party rejects any causal link .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	16	I think that these steps were not only justified but also necessary . They are in keeping with our objectives , with international values and with the demands of Russia 's political system . Support for non-governmental organizations is one of our clear priorities .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	44	In that seminar , which included the participation of international experts , a detailed analysis was made of the anti-terrorist provisions of our national legislation . That analysis confirmed that those provisions were rather progressive in nature and , on the whole , in keeping with the provisions of the international conventions to combat terrorism to which Belarus is a party . The need to supplement national legislation arises basically with regard to the ratification of the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	33	Let us therefore here and now commit ourselves to mobilizing for universal access to prevention , treatment , care and support by 2010 . We must adopt our declaration today in order to keep burning the flame that we lit in 2001 . The President : I now give the floor to Mrs. Ileana Núñez Mordoche , the representative of Cuba , who will address the Assembly on behalf of her Minister of Public Health , who , for particular reasons , is unable to attend this morning 's meeting .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	67	Early marriages and pregnancies , violence and sexual abuses , child labour , difficult access to school premises , and domestic-related tasks were mentioned among the main barriers to girls ' education . Some countries allocated places in school for students of either sex who are , or are about to be , parents or they developed handbooks on social interaction , including on issues such as keeping pregnant teenagers in the education system . Mexico and Argentina have designed programmes providing economic and school support for pregnant teenagers to enable them to cope with maternity while continuing to study .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	68	( h ) Oversee research and development with regard to the regulatory , legal , economic and technical framework affecting the housing sector , in order to improve its institutional functioning and coordination ; promote the use of safe and appropriate construction technology enabling all Nicaraguan citizens to have access to decent housing ; ( i ) Design and administer programmes for the implementation of its goals in keeping with the provisions of the present Law ; ( j ) Administer a specific housing subsidy fund , geared to improving the quality of life of low-income citizens and to stimulating demand for social housing in a manner regulated by the present Law and its regulations ;
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	55	It notes with regret that its letter addressed to the President of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly on this issue on 14 November 2003 was left unanswered . The Committee addressed further letters on the issue to the Secretary-General and the President of the General Assembly during the eighty-first session and decided to keep the matter under review . Publicity for the work of the Committee
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	107	When the material reaches the facilities of the companies that have purchased it , military personnel are designated to come and oversee the introduction or extraction of the arms , munitions and explosive material or related chemical substances and to check the quantities and characteristics of the material authorized . • With regard to seizures of significant quantities of armaments , the Ministry of Defence , in coordination with the Attorney General of the Republic , the Ministry of Public Safety , the Ministry of Finance and Public Credit and the Centre for Investigation and National Security , inspect the arms that are stored and in safe keeping in various military areas with a view to collecting the technical data on the arms seized so as to monitor them and determine responsibilities . • The General Directorate for the Federal Registration of Firearms and Control of Explosives is the unit legally empowered to provide information within the context of inter-agency collaboration .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	66	The United Nations represents a unique concept for international order formulated by the Allied Powers to address challenges to peace and security and to development and democracy in the aftermath of the Second World War . President Roosevelt , in his 1943 Christmas Eve radio talk , said that as long as Britain , Russia , China and the United States stuck together in determination to keep the peace , there was no possibility of an aggressor nation arising to start another world war . But the world that the United Nations is called upon to represent today is an immeasurably changed world .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	39	In planning concepts of operation for the implementation of these mandates and in implementing them , it is critical to understand and reflect the differential impact of conflict situations and their aftermath . Multidimensional mandates not only focus on keeping the peace , but also contribute to building a sustainable peace that will reduce the possibility of a return to conflict . Multidimensional peacekeeping missions can include any or all of the following components : military ; civilian police ; civil affairs ; political affairs ; public information ; elections ; disarmament , demobilization and reintegration ; refugee return ; humanitarian relief ; mine action ; civil administration ; human rights monitoring ; and transitional administrations .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	31	Thus , participatory rights are relevant to international decision-making - and to globalization to the extent it is driven by decisions at the international level . Not only is this in keeping with the underpinnings of the international human rights system to achieve international cooperation and an international and social order conducive to the enjoyment of human rights , but respect for participatory rights internationally also holds the potential for promoting a more democratic , inclusive and therefore sustainable globalization based on consensus and good national and global governance . Introduction
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	29	Next he turned to wax because there was a similarity of wax to marble in tactile quality and translucence . He respected each of these approach techniques , and kept them in character : his quill drawings had a scratchiness , suggesting skin texture ; the clay he used plastically to suggest soft moving flesh , as in an abdomen , in a reclining torso ; the wax he smoothed over to give the body surface an elastic pull .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	38	The Central Bank is able to monitor compliance with the Anti-Money Laundering Act and the Guidelines by on-site inspections of financial institutions . The Guidelines further provide for training of employees of financial institutions in identification and record keeping procedures and emphasises the obligation to make reports to the Central Bank . The Central Bank of Seychelles is a member of the Eastern and Southern African Group of Banking Supervisors and adopts the guidelines established by the Basle Committee .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	57	“ I therefore solemnly appeal to all States to demonstrate their commitment to the spirit of fraternity and understanding among peoples by observing the Olympic Truce during the Sydney Games . “ I urge all those who are now engaged in armed struggle — for whatever reasons and wherever it might be — to suspend hostilities in keeping with the observance. I urge everybody , individually and collectively , to take the initiative to abide by the Olympic Truce as a way of promoting goodwill and encouraging the peaceful settlement of conflicts in full conformity with the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations. ” May I take it that it is the wish of the General Assembly to take note of the solemn appeal in connection with the observance of the Olympic Truce ?
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	51	He also helped bring the two sides together for a private meeting . In Tashkent and at his subsequent meetings in Kabul in July , the Special Envoy made strong appeals to leaders of the contending sides , including Mullah Mohammad Rabbani , not to launch a military campaign , in keeping with the spirit of the Tashkent Declaration . The point was made that in a multi-ethnic country like Afghanistan , peace could only be achieved through reconciliation among its people and with its neighbours .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	58	The Council also reaffirmed its support for the Lusaka Protocol as the only viable basis for a political settlement of the conflict , and stated that the failure of UNITA to implement it and the relevant resolutions of the Security Council was the basis for the continuation of sanctions against UNITA . Also , reaffirming its intention to keep the sanctions in place until UNITA complied therewith , the Council called on Member States to adhere to the measures imposed by resolution 864 ( 1993 ) and to cooperate with the Monitoring Mechanism . The Council also expressed support for the Government of Angola in its intention to hold free and fair elections when appropriate conditions were in place .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	59	( f ) The traveller provides security services to the Secretary-General , his wife or to any other official authorized to travel above the standard accommodation that would normally be provided . On 18 March 1998 , the Secretary-General decided that , as an exception , all travel of the Deputy Secretary-General should be in first class , in keeping with his/her special status . With regard to practical arrangements , efforts are first made to obtain upgrades to first class against payment of the full business-class fare .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	62	The Council discussed several issues relating to the processing and payment of claims , including the twenty-fourth report of the Executive Secretary pursuant to article 41 of the Provisional Rules for Claims Procedure , and approved corrections to certain category A , C and D claims . The Council considered the issue of duplication of awards and recommended that the matter be kept on its agenda . The Council also continued its consideration of an archiving policy for the Compensation Commission and adopted a conclusion establishing guidelines on this subject .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	51	Having considered the report of the Commission on the work of its thirty-fourth session , Concerned that activities undertaken by other bodies of the United Nations system in the field of international trade law without coordination with the Commission might lead to undesirable duplication of efforts and would not be in keeping with the aim of promoting efficiency , consistency and coherence in the unification and harmonization of international trade law , as stated in its resolution 37/106 of 16 December 1982 , Stressing the importance of the further development of case law on United Nations Commission on International Trade Law texts in promoting the uniform application of the legal texts of the Commission and its value for government officials , practitioners and academics ,
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	27	It would be a correct step politically and logically . Having that kind of a system in place for decision-making in the Security Council would be in keeping with the rules adopted by the General Assembly with regard to the adoption of important decisions concerning the maintenance of international peace and security . Belarus continues to favour the granting of an additional seat in the category of non-permanent member in a new expanded Council to the Eastern European regional group .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	69	The court held that the provision breached articles 3 , 62 , 64 and 88 of the Egyptian Constitution as it distanced the polling process from judicial supervision , and thereby removed a fundamental safeguard concerning the right to vote . The aim of judicial supervision is to “ strengthen democracy and ensure that the right to vote is exercised fully and in a proper and irreproachable manner in keeping with its designated purpose which is to express the sovereignty of the people ” . In its communication of 19 October 2000 , the Government also informed the Special Rapporteur that the elections for the Administrative Council of the Egyptian Bar Association would be held after the legislative elections in October 2000 .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	38	We welcome the successful holding , last April in Mexico , of the first Conference of the States Parties and Signatories to Treaties that Establish Nuclear-Weapon-Free Zones . Given the legal nature of the proposal , we must keep that item on our agenda . The delegation of Uzbekistan , has the honour to introduce , on behalf of the five Central Asian States , the draft decision to the Committee for its consideration .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	57	Calls upon the Board of Trustees of the Fund to report to the Commission at its fifty-eighth session and present an updated assessment of the global need for international funding of rehabilitation services for victims of torture and of lessons and best practices learned from the activities of the Fund ; Requests the Secretary-General to continue to keep the Commission informed of the operations of the Fund on an annual basis ; Urges States parties whose arrears pre-date the provision made by the Secretary-General for funding the Committee against Torture from the regular budget to fulfil their obligations forthwith ;
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	35	Under the earlier scheme , there had been a 10 % “ ceiling ” on the amount of land eligible for reinstatement . In addition , all owners could enter into long leases , thus keeping their properties . In the result , the limit was much higher than the 10 % “ ceiling. ” .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	38	( a ) Other substantive activities : printing of philatelic materials . Issuance of United Nations postage stamps and postal stationery , including the subject , design and quantity to be printed ; and security and archival safe keeping of postal stocks ; ( b ) International cooperation and inter-agency coordination and liaison : external relations .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	35	Any person having sexual intercourse with a child under 16 years commits a criminal offence even if the defendant maintains that there was consent . A woman , after marriage is permitted by law to keep her surname , or may use both hers and that of her spouse . The husband may use that of his spouse if he so wishes .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	66	Such classification under CIPA allegedly had a negative impact on the right to defence , as the defendants were thereby limited in the choice of their lawyers to lawyers approved by the Government , and both lawyers ' and defendants ' access to the evidence was limited . It is alleged that before and during the trial , all the evidence in the case file was kept in a room under the court 's control , and that the defence lawyers could access this room only after going through a bureaucratic procedure . The defence lawyers were also prohibited from making copies of the documents in evidence and from taking notes about them in order to analyse them .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	44	These countries need to change their political priorities in order to comply with their international commitments . “ EU Declarations like the one made in Göteborg do call for that much needed compliance — that is to say , they call on us to keep the promises we have already made — but they do so only in general terms. We now need to pick up the pace . “ We call on EU members to make a firm commitment at the International Conference on Finance for Development in Monterrey in 2002 and to formulate individual plans and timetables in order to make concrete progress in reaching the goal of 0.7 per cent of GNP to ODA .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	131	Commends the important role the Special Rapporteur has played towards the elimination of extrajudicial , summary or arbitrary executions and encourages the Special Rapporteur to continue , within the framework of the mandate , to collect information from all concerned , to respond effectively to information that comes before her or him , to follow up on communications and country visits and to seek the views and comments of Governments and to reflect them , as appropriate , in the elaboration of her or his reports ; Strongly urges all States to cooperate with and assist the Special Rapporteur so that her or his mandate may be carried out effectively , including , where appropriate , by issuing invitations to the Special Rapporteur when she or he so requests , in keeping with the usual terms of reference for missions by special rapporteurs of the Commission on Human Rights , and to respond to the communications transmitted to them by the Special Rapporteur ; Expresses its appreciation to those States that have invited the Special Rapporteur to visit their countries , asks them to examine carefully the recommendations made by the Special Rapporteur , invites them to report to the Special Rapporteur on the actions taken on those recommendations and requests other States , including those mentioned in the report of the Special Rapporteur , to cooperate in a similar way ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	60	While this concept of universality in human rights is reflected in the Vienna Declaration of 1993 to some extent , there is no need at this preliminary stage to go into details as regards the assimilation by the International Court of Justice of “ universal ” and “ quasi-universal ” instruments . This apparent blending of the two is in keeping with the growing importance of the notion of jus cogens embodied in the 1969 Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties , and tends to favour residually the effect of treaties on non-parties ; yet one may well ask whether a clear distinction ought not to be drawn between the two notions , in quantitative as well as qualitative terms . Looking at the issue more pragmatically , “ The World Conference on Human Rights welcomes the progress made in the codification of human rights instruments , which is a dynamic and evolving process , and urges the universal ratification of human rights treaties .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	116	My country feels that the role of the United Nations in security sector reform is fundamental for several reasons. First , the United Nations is the actor that enjoys the international legitimacy needed to act in a sector as sensitive as State security . Secondly , the United Nations has a wide range of tools at its disposal , which makes it possible for it to carry out far-reaching activities , including not only the specific programmes implemented by various funds , agencies and programmes , but also the provision of assistance to local authorities in the security sector , actions that the Security Council has included in a growing number of peacekeeping mandates , in keeping with a vision of a more proactive role of the Blue Helmets . In that context I wish to highlight the priority my country attaches to the development of the police component of the United Nations peacekeeping forces .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	53	As for the reform of the bodies , my delegation would like to suggest some terms of reference . Strengthening the United Nations system implies the acknowledgement that it is a system founded on cooperation among States , rather than on competition , and actively nourished by constructive will , trust , the keeping of commitments and collaboration among equal and reciprocally responsible partners . Making those founding principles irreversible is a primary task .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	58	In conclusion , the sponsor delegation reiterated its readiness to participate in the discussions aimed at examining the underlying principles of the suggested concept and the practical aspects of its implementation , noting that the Special Committee was a proper forum to consider the issue . During the ensuing discussion , support was expressed by some delegations for keeping the issue of the role of the Trusteeship Council on the agenda of the Special Committee . Moreover , the view was expressed that the issue should be discussed among the priority issues on the agenda of the Committee .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	90	Requests the Committee to continue to exert all efforts to promote the realization of the inalienable rights of the Palestinian people , to support the Middle East peace process and to mobilize international support for and assistance to the Palestinian people , and authorizes the Committee to make such adjustments in its approved programme of work as it may consider appropriate and necessary in the light of developments and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its sixty-second session and thereafter ; Also requests the Committee to continue to keep under review the situation relating to the question of Palestine and to report and make suggestions to the General Assembly , the Security Council or the Secretary-General , as appropriate ; Further requests the Committee to continue to extend its cooperation and support to Palestinian and other civil society organizations in order to mobilize international solidarity and support for the Palestinian people , particularly during this critical period of humanitarian hardship and financial crisis , with the overall aim of promoting the achievement by the Palestinian people of its inalienable rights and for a peaceful settlement of the question of Palestine , and to continue to involve additional civil society organizations in its work ;
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	45	The subjects of the draft resolutions were the safety of the President of the Palestinian Authority , continued construction of a barrier in the Palestinian territories and the extrajudicial killing of Hamas leader Shaikh Yassin in Gaza , respectively . “ The Council continues to keep the evolving situation in the Middle East under active review through monthly briefings , open meetings and informal consultations . During these meetings , the Council members reiterate their support for a just and comprehensive settlement in the Middle East based on Security Council resolutions 242 ( 1967 ) , 338 ( 1973 ) , 1397 ( 2002 ) and 1515 ( 2003 ) , the foundations of the Madrid Conference , the principle of land for peace , agreements previously reached by the parties and the initiative of Saudi Crown Prince Abdullah endorsed in Beirut at the Summit-level Council of the League of Arab States. ”
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	30	The Ombudsman , as a designated neutral , has the responsibility of maintaining strict confidentiality concerning matters that are brought to his or her attention . The Ombudsman does not keep records for the United Nations or any other party and does not disclose information about individual cases or visits from staff members . The Ombudsman can not be compelled by any United Nations official to testify about concerns that are brought to his or her attention .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	76	Efforts include capacity-building for programme managers and service providers and the strengthening of service delivery points in the areas of neonatal care , family planning , reproductive tract and sexually transmitted infections , prevention of HIV/AIDS and management of cases of violence against women . The project also supports adolescent and youth-friendly services , strengthens advocacy and behaviour-change communication activities at the clinic and community levels , with special emphasis on slums , ensures proper record keeping , reporting and quality assurance in respect of service delivery at the health-care centres , and seeks to strengthen counselling and the provision of reproductive health information . UNFPA also has a project with the Bangladesh Garment Manufacturers and Exporters Association to increase reproductive health education , make health services readily available , and increase awareness of reproductive rights and gender-related issues among garment workers , most of whom are poor women who migrated from rural areas to metropolitan Dhaka in search of jobs .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	73	Secondly , France fully supports the importance attached by the CTC to the matter of cooperation with international and regional organizations with competence in the field of combating terrorism . It is , indeed , important — along the lines of the meeting that took place on 6 March — to intensify that cooperation by taking concrete measures that are better adapted to the competences and capacities of the relevant organizations and in keeping with the priorities established by the Counter-Terrorism Committee . In this regard , my delegation welcomes the fact that the Committee has sent letters in this respect to some of those organizations .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	29	Conclusion The EU and its member States will cooperate constructively with all States Parties at this Review Conference with the aim of making progress in nuclear non-proliferation , in keeping with the NPT and in the light of the outcome of previous Review Conferences and recent developments , as well as discussions in the Preparatory Committee for this present Conference . Twelfth Session
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	55	Finally , the mission will mobilize the donor community to provide financial support for the efforts of the Government of Côte d'Ivoire to implement the remaining tasks leading to the holding of credible and transparent presidential and legislative elections in 2009 , especially the completion of the identification and voter registration operations . UNOCI will keep advocating for the Government to disburse the funds needed by the Ivorian institutions involved in the electoral process in a timely manner , including for the crucial operation of reconstitution of lost or destroyed civil registers launched by the Ministry of Justice in May 2008 but delayed by funding shortages . UNOCI will also continue to assist the Ivorian parties to develop an integrated security plan for the elections , delineating the responsibilities of the defence and security forces of Côte d'Ivoire , the Forces nouvelles and the impartial forces .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	46	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of programmes of assistance to the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations decisions relating to decolonization , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly ,
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	78	The Chair of the Board , when making field visits to projects , also endeavours to meet the appropriate foreign ministry officials and to encourage them to contribute to the Fund . If , in the opinion of the Chair of the Board , the level of total contributions paid and recorded by 1 March does not allow the Board to fulfil its functions by responding adequately to the grant requests received , the Chair could , in keeping with established practice , request the High Commissioner to forward to all Governments an urgent appeal from the Chair to pay new voluntary contributions to the Fund before 13 May 2002 ( see E/CN.4/2001/59/Add.1 , annex ) . The Assembly , in resolution 56/143 , stressed the importance of the Board 's work and requested the Secretary-General to assist the Board in its appeal for contributions ( paras. 25 and 27 ) .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	106	The Frente POLISARIO rejected the Moroccan proposal and reiterated that it would cooperate and pursue dialogue only in the context of the settlement plan . At the conclusion of these consultations , my Personal Envoy expressed the view , which I shared , that further meetings of the parties to seek a political solution could not succeed , and indeed could be counterproductive , unless the Government of Morocco , as the administrative power in Western Sahara , was prepared to offer or support some devolution of governmental authority for all inhabitants and former inhabitants of the Territory that would be genuine , substantial and in keeping with international norms . In early 2001 my Personal Envoy was able to determine that Morocco , as the administrative power in Western Sahara , was prepared to support a draft framework agreement on the status of Western Sahara ( see S/2001/613 , annex I ) , which envisaged a devolution of authority to the inhabitants of the Territory with final status to be determined by a referendum five years later .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	32	And the league takes a stand , with great regularity , on the side of right . Cities and counties interested in industrial development would do well in the months ahead to keep their eyes peeled toward the 13 northwest Georgia counties that are members of the Coosa Valley Area Planning and Development Commission . Coupling its own budget of $ 83750 with a $ 30000 state grant authorized by Gov. Vandiver , the group expects to sign a contract in March with Georgia Tech. .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	70	Mr. Menan ( Togo ) ( spoke in French ) : Last year , when the General Assembly was considering the item that is before it today , the Togolese delegation strongly urged the international community to make every effort to attain the objectives set out in the framework of the Decade to Roll Back Malaria in Developing Countries , particularly in Africa . From that perspective , and in keeping with the views that we initially expressed , Togo believes that the Decade 's objectives should be a genuine challenge for countries where malaria is endemic and for the international community to meet at all costs . It is paradoxical that malaria , which everyone agrees is a disease that can be cheaply controlled and cured , remains one of the primary causes of death in African countries , as indicated by statistics set out in the report on malaria in Africa in 2003 , published jointly by the World Health Organization ( WHO ) and the United Nations Children 's Fund ( UNICEF ) .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	91	We welcome these achievements , which help chart the course to be taken in keeping with the commitments and objectives set out at the special session to review the outcome of the Fourth World Conference on Women , held in New York from 5 to 9 June last , and in accordance with the policies of the European Union in this respect . Spain has reaffirmed its commitment with regard to equality at the national level , at the level of the autonomous regions and at the local level , in keeping with the territorial organization of the Spanish State . In the area of employment , legal measures have been taken to combat women 's unemployment , their vertical and horizontal segregation , the short-term nature of their contracts and the difficulties they face in juggling family and work , as well as to create more and better jobs .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	32	My view is that we should now be prepared to modify that , in the light of the kind of successes I touched on earlier . But it seems to me that keeping in reserve the option of sanctions until this process is completed is an important part of Bosnia and Herzegovina 's and the international community 's strategy for the future . In this case , let me agree wholeheartedly with the representative of the United States .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	60	In addition , with the support of the Governments of Canada , Norway , the United States , Japan and Italy , the European Union and other regional bodies , an area of Ecuadorian territory had been cleared of mines ; however , it represented less than half the area affected . As permitted under the Ottawa Convention , Ecuador kept only 1 , 000 mines for training purposes . With the support of the Organization of American States , Ecuador had provided medical care and rehabilitation to mine victims .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	36	Despite gains made , Member States still find weak national machineries a challenge , noting : lack of staff ; inadequate capacity ; and marginalization of the special machinery and gender focal points . Attracting and keeping qualified staff was a problem for some countries . Many responses suggested that the concept of mainstreaming was still not well understood and that efforts are needed to highlight the advantages and contributions of the strategy to development .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	27	Recommendations under implementation The Board notes that action is ongoing by the United Nations Population Fund ( UNFPA ) in respect of the following recommendations and will keep these matters under review . The Board has included comments , where appropriate .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	37	These debt-ridden countries , notably in Africa , tend to be the more structurally constrained LDCs . By contrast , a number of of LDCs in Asia have been able to expand exports and revenue earnings to keep pace with debt service obligations . Many LDCs have taken advantage of a variety of debt-relief opportunities and were granted debt forgiveness for a combined total of over US $ 7 billion in the ten-year period up to 1998 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	87	It follows from the above that : The Convention , and any other instrument that has been duly ratified and therefore forms part of the national legal order , may be invoked before Haitian courts and tribunals and before administrative bodies ; Their provisions take precedence over all domestic laws , so that in the event of conflict with an opposing domestic law , they must prevail ; Consequently , by ratifying the State is obliged to amend existing laws and to prepare and promulgate laws in keeping with the contents of the Convention . In practice , there is no systematic approach to aligning domestic laws with the Convention when they differ or say nothing on the subject. Thus , in the case of the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination , a decree was issued on 4 February 1981 to render it applicable under domestic law , whereas CEDAW is applied via amendments to certain provisions of the Civil Code or the Penal Code by means of a decree of amendments on 8 October 1982 and a decree of 6 July 2005 , respectively .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	48	The Office will advise the principal and subsidiary organs regarding the Negotiated Relationship Agreement between the International Criminal Court and the United Nations . Another objective will be to ensure that assistance provided by the Organization and Member States to the Special Court for Sierra Leone is in keeping with the Agreement concluded between the Government of Sierra Leone and the United Nations on the Establishment of the Court and to participate in the activities of the Management Committee of the Court . It will also be an objective of the subprogramme to help ensure that assistance provided by the Organization towards the establishment and operation of the Extraordinary Chambers in the Courts of Cambodia conforms with the Charter , the regulations , rules and policies of the United Nations and the Agreement between the United Nations and the Government of Cambodia regarding the Extraordinary Chambers , and to monitor the operation of the Chambers in order to ensure that they function in accordance with the terms of that Agreement .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	113	The General Assembly may wish to request the organizations of the United Nations system , individually and collectively , to enhance the effectiveness of the system 's presence at the country level , whether with country offices , networks of international support , including from headquarters and regional offices , or other flexible inter-agency arrangements , to ensure that the United Nations system 's development support brings in all dimensions , and related factors , that are key to a sustained and sustainable development effort. The aim should be to : ( a ) Improve and strengthen the capacity of the United Nations system to respond to country needs and priorities , in keeping with General Assembly resolutions 44/211 and 47/199 ; ( b ) Ensure more effective and broader involvement of all United Nations system organizations , including non-resident agencies , programmes , regional commissions and other non-resident United Nations entities , in the resident coordinator system and system-wide activities and mechanisms at the country level ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	70	Data on the experience of criminality and violence among older women are still scarce . A study called “ Criminality and Violence in the Lives of Older People ” ( Lebenssituation , Sicherheit und Gesundheit von Frauen in Deutschland ) was commissioned in order to shed light on this issue , while detailed consideration is to be given to the relative level at which men and women are affected in keeping with gender mainstreaming methods . The subject of the study is the everyday context in which older women and older men live , as well as how they become victims within the context of close - and , at least for the affected person , important - social relationships .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	39	The Syrian Arab Republic first deployed troops in Lebanon in May 1976 , at the request of Lebanese President Franjieh . In October 1976 , the League of Arab States established the Arab Deterrent Force ( ADF ) to keep the peace in Lebanon . In the Force , the Syrian Arab Republic was joined by the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya , Yemen , Saudi Arabia , the Sudan , and the United Arab Emirates .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	12	But it would not come . Argiento never left his side , keeping the water boiled , applying hot compresses throughout the night . By the second day Michelangelo began to worry ; and by the second night he was in a state of panic : he could see nothing out of the afflicted eye .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	46	His efforts to pursue national reconciliation and the political dialogue — which is proceeding well in Bangui , as we know — should also be rewarded , as should his cooperation with the United Nations . I take this opportunity to confirm Italy 's readiness to keep the hospital in Abéché for the time necessary to ensure a smooth transition . Finally , I would like to commend the exemplary collaboration that the United Nations and the European Union have once again established in the maintenance of peace and security .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	74	During a transfer of balances from an old account of the Office to a new account in the same New York bank , $ 760 , 000 disappeared in February 2002 and resurfaced in the new account only in September 2002 . There was no audit trail in between and , by May 2004 , still no explanation , while the Office has yet to request the payment of interest on the balance unduly kept for over six months . For the period from January to May 2004 , UNDP performed no reconciliation for approximately 67 bank accounts managed at headquarters , while only two of its 142 country offices performed one , leaving 160 , 426 payments ( including UNFPA and UNOPS payments ) unreconciled and 6 , 493 unidentified receipts for accounts receivable .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	19	( e ) Procedure for the marking and stamping of weapons . The system used for marking is in keeping with all the recommendations in the Programme of Action and makes it possible to identify any small arm or light weapon . Marking includes an indication of the company which manufactured the weapon , the year of issuance and the individual number of the weapon .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	66	It would be hard to contain the broader application by making it subject to the sole condition that the new nationality had to be acquired for a reason unrelated to the bringing of the claim , since that proviso was subjective in nature , and it would therefore be difficult to prove non-compliance , except in cases of flagrant abuse . Draft article 8 was in keeping with developments in international practice regarding the extension of diplomatic protection to stateless persons and refugees . While his Government was in favour of adopting a convention on diplomatic protection , it also subscribed to the view that some time would be required for an in-depth analysis of the subject so as to permit the adoption of a truly universal legal instrument .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	57	It seems that this question may be the subject of further discussion , though the Special Rapporteur would rather favour his original proposal . Taking into account comments made by the members of the Commission and delegates in the Sixth Committee , and the opinions of States , the Special Rapporteur would like at this stage to keep the discussion open and to propose an “ alternative type ” version of draft article 1 : Article 1 Scope of application
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	58	As regards fishing capacity , the Government of Venezuela has underscored in various forums its readiness to maintain its holding capacity at current levels . It has also urged other Member States and cooperating countries in the aforementioned organizations to find points of consensus that will make it possible to work to effectively limit fleet capacity , in keeping with what was agreed in the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization 's International Plan of Action for the Management of Fishing Capacity , in order to ensure the conservation of fishing resources and the sustainable long-term development of fisheries . With regard to conservation measures to protect ecosystems and the environment , including straddling and highly migratory stocks , I would note that the agreements to which Venezuela is a party contain provisions on the efforts that countries should make to maintain the sustainability of the marine environment , in harmony with the species inhabiting it .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	31	After Operation Sweeping Wave , the Liberian National Police Court Liaison Section was able to produce only 37 charge sheets for the 79 arrests reviewed . Although Liberian National Police record keeping is poor , it is still better than at the courts , where there is a vested interest in cases being lost . While the Liberian National Police does forward cases to the court system , it does so in an incomplete manner .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	72	( b ) To continue to consider , on a priority basis , the question of the implementation of the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations related to assistance to third States affected by the application of sanctions under Chapter VII of the Charter by commencing a substantive debate on all of the related reports of the Secretary-General and the proposals submitted on the question ; ( c ) To keep on its agenda the question of the peaceful settlement of disputes between States ; ( d ) To continue to consider proposals concerning the Trusteeship Council in the light of the report of the Secretary-General submitted in accordance with General Assembly resolution 50/55 of 11 December 1995 , the report of the Secretary-General entitled “ Renewing the United Nations : a programme for reform ” and the views expressed by States on this subject at previous sessions of the Assembly ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	59	She agreed with the Special Rapporteur that the issue of migration could not merely be analysed from an economic perspective ; measures to counter the negative effects of migration needed to focus on the human aspect of the persons affected . Her delegation reiterated that the conditions set out by countries receiving migrants from developing countries were not in keeping with the trends of free trade and the free transit of persons , and were highly restrictive and thus , conducive to irregular migration . In that regard , she stressed the principle of shared responsibility , as under the Asunción Declaration adopted at the South American Conference on Migration .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	73	At the outset , I should like to extend my thanks and appreciation to the Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques , King Abdullah bin Abdulaziz Al Saud of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia , for his diligence in extending invitations to attend the launching of his high-minded initiative , through the highest international forum , to strengthen the language of dialogue and understanding between religions and cultures . That initiative is in keeping with support for the principles of mutual respect and the attainment of peace and security for all humanity . Its positive results and impact make it one of the most important of global initiatives .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	60	The Special Representative of the Secretary-General , Mr. Ould Abdallah , continues to work with the Government and all opposition groups to facilitate dialogue in an effort to make the peace process more inclusive . The Government has attempted to win the hearts and minds of the Somali people and to project a moderate vision of Islam that is in keeping with Somali culture . The recent pronouncements by President Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed urging Somalis to reject violence and extremism have also been helpful in this regard .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	62	An increasing number of members of UNITA 's militarist wing have rejected the war path and are being integrated into society ; the democratic process in Angola is being strengthened and our country 's economy , although still in a crisis , is starting to show signs of revitalization . For those reasons , my Government continues to advocate the need to keep the sanctions until the goals for which they were imposed are met , and that means until UNITA 's militarist wing definitely rejects the option of violent action and embraces the path of peace in Angola . We are convinced that an increased pressure by the international community on UNITA 's militarist wing led by Mr. Savimbi will considerably increase its isolation and help force UNITA to abide by the Lusaka Protocol and to fulfil the pertinent Security Council resolutions , which are the instruments that set forth the framework for achieving peace in Angola .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	51	Domestic demand will be supported by the considerable monetary stimulus which is already in the pipeline , although this has not fed through to interest rates at the longer end of the maturity spectrum and banks have tightened borrowing conditions . On 19 March 2002 , the Federal Reserve decided to keep its target for the federal funds rate unchanged at 1.75 per cent , judging that the risks are now balanced between the long-run goals of price stability and sustainable economic growth . The background to this decision was information pointing to a stronger rate of economic growth based on a marked swing in inventory investment .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	75	We believe that the resolution does not create a precedent for interference by the Security Council in the sovereign right and capacity of Member States to prosecute repugnant crimes against humanity that are referred to in the Rome Statute . It is our view that the international community must ensure that the International Criminal Court is not undermined or weakened , that it fulfils the mandate for which it was established , that Member States keep their commitments to provide the needed personnel and support to peacekeeping operations established or authorized by the Security Council and that the review of the resolution that the Council adopted today does not lead to automaticity in its renewal . By holding this open debate , the Security Council is promoting transparency in its proceedings and showing the importance of issues associated with international justice for the maintenance of international peace and security .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	43	Also requests the secretariat of the Commission to publish the reports submitted on its website , in their original language , as contributions to the next session of the Commission ; Requests the action line facilitators and the regional commissions to establish and keep open channels of communication with all stakeholders and include information on their implementation efforts in their respective reports , as appropriate ; Invites all stakeholders to establish and/or to keep open channels of communication with the action line facilitators and/or the regional commissions and to report to them on their implementation efforts , so that such efforts may be appropriately reflected and the relevant knowledge , practices and outcomes shared for the benefit of all ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	32	Finally , a group of experts has been established to help the Committee in its work . Furthermore , we are particularly reassured by the significant number of States that , in keeping with the relevant provisions of resolution 1373 ( 2001 ) , have made their reports to the Committee concerning the measures they have taken or plan to take in pursuance of that resolution . Undoubtedly , that is a further sign of the international community 's renewed determination to stand united against this scourge of modern times — terrorism — and to relentlessly pursue its perpetrators and their accomplices .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	93	Noting regional efforts to prevent , combat and eliminate terrorism in all its forms and manifestations , wherever and by whomsoever committed , including through the elaboration of and adherence to regional conventions , Recalling its decision in resolutions 54/110 of 9 December 1999 , 55/158 of 12 December 2000 , 56/88 of 12 December 2001 , 57/27 of 19 November 2002 , 58/81 of 9 December 2003 and 59/46 of 2 December 2004 that the Ad Hoc Committee established by General Assembly resolution 51/210 of 17 December 1996 should address , and keep on its agenda , the question of convening a high-level conference under the auspices of the United Nations to formulate a joint organized response of the international community to terrorism in all its forms and manifestations , Aware of its resolutions 57/219 of 18 December 2002 , 58/187 of 22 December 2003 and 59/191 of 20 December 2004 ,
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	49	Having considered the report of the Commission on the work of its thirty-ninth session , Reiterating its concern that activities undertaken by other bodies in the field of international trade law without adequate coordination with the Commission might lead to undesirable duplication of efforts and would not be in keeping with the aim of promoting efficiency , consistency and coherence in the unification and harmonization of international trade law , Reaffirming the mandate of the Commission , as the core legal body within the United Nations system in the field of international trade law , to coordinate legal activities in this field , in particular to avoid duplication of efforts , including among organizations formulating rules of international trade , and to promote efficiency , consistency and coherence in the modernization and harmonization of international trade law , and to continue , through its secretariat , to maintain close cooperation with other international organs and organizations , including regional organizations , active in the field of international trade law ,
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	39	Our 14 operating nuclear power reactors have together registered an impressive 85 per cent average annual capacity factor during the past year and , at the same time , have maintained an excellent safety record . In line with keeping our commitment to the preservation of the environment , most of the operating power plants have also obtained Environment Management System ( EMS ) ISO 14001 certification . Miss Clarke ( Barbados ) , Vice-President , took the Chair .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	21	This was done on the order of Brigadier General Ruak and with the knowledge of the Minister of Defence . F-FDTL kept some records of the weapons issued to the 206 civilians armed in this way . Lists of names and corresponding serial numbers of weapons were made , but recipients did not sign for weapons .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	45	In keeping with Action # 38 of the Nairobi Action Plan , at least 11 experts with a disability participated in the June 2008 meetings of the Standing Committees , including one who was a member of the delegation of a State Party . In keeping with Action # 39 of the Nairobi Action Plan , 14 of the 26 relevant States Parties included health , rehabilitation , social services or disability professionals in their delegations to the June 2008 meetings of the Standing Committees . In order to make the best possible use of the time dedicated by such experts in the work of the Convention , the Co-Chairs of the Standing Committee on Victim Assistance and Socio-Economic Reintegration organised for these professionals a programme parallel to meetings of the Standing Committees .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	38	Delegations expressed views relating to the issues raised by the proposal . The Council , not being in a position to reach a conclusion during its deliberations , recommended that the request of the Government of Iraq be kept on the agenda for the forty-eighth session , to be held in June 2003 . The Council also referred the request of the Government of Iraq to an informal meeting of the Working Group for its further consideration prior to the forty-eighth session .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	13	Protection of the Existing Local Legal System International humanitarian law provides for the keeping in place of the local legal system during occupation . This is a fundamental element in the juridical protection of the territory and population as they fall under the occupation of a hostile power .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	56	At the current stage of the Commission 's work , the term “ alien ” should at least encompass all categories of persons residing in the territory of a State who did not have the nationality of that State , including political refugees , asylum-seekers , migrant workers and stateless persons . Expulsion must be in keeping with the law , and the expulsion order must explicitly state the grounds on which it was based , so as to prevent abuse of that right and ensure legal certainty and the rule of law . Some restrictions on the exercise of that right might already exist under international law in order to guarantee the application of human rights norms .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	25	Anyhow , it was high time the boy was salted . Jubal could n't reconstruct the crime from the way the girls behaved because patterns kept shifting - ABC vs D , then BCD vs A & & & or AB vs CD , or AD vs CB , through all ways that four women can gang up on each other . This continued most of the week following that ill-starred trip to church , during which period Mike stayed in his room and usually in a trance so deep that Jubal would have pronounced him dead had he not seen it before .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	64	There can therefore be no requirement that items be eliminated simply on the basis of how long they have been on the agenda , or because they have been repeated year after year and adopted by consensus . Thus strengthened , the structured debate would ensure that the views and security needs of each Member State are made known and that texts more in keeping with the situations to be dealt with are elaborated . The First Committee should endeavour to take a goal-oriented approach , not an agenda-oriented one .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	67	Financial arrangements On 31 July 2007 , in a letter addressed to the Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions , the Controller requested commitment authority in the amount of $ 50 million for the steps required to establish an initial capacity for the mission 's headquarters , to deploy two additional battalions and to reimburse AMIS contributing countries for troop costs , in keeping with paragraph 5 ( b ) of resolution 1769 ( 2007 ) . The Advisory Committee responded positively on 8 August , providing the commitment authority for $ 50 million to meet the most immediate and essential needs of UNAMID .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	56	7.3 The Committee further observed that the constitutional validity of the fisheries management system was subsequently affirmed by the Supreme Court , in the Vatneyri case , which was referred to as a precedent in the examination of the authors ' case by the District Court and the Supreme Court . In these circumstances , and keeping in mind that the authors did not fulfil the legal and administrative requirements to be allocated a quota , the Committee found it difficult to conceive that the Supreme Court would have ruled in favour of the authors had they tried to appeal the administrative denials of a quota . The Committee therefore considered that the remedy referred to by the State party was not an effective one , for the purposes of article 5 , paragraph 2 ( b ) of the Optional Protocol .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	38	( vi ) Consideration of establishing partnerships with the private sector , including financial businesses , with a view to ensuring sound and effective due-diligence procedures to counter money-laundering ; ( vii ) The introduction of measures to keep centralized statistical data on legal action taken to counter money-laundering ; ( c ) Implementing effective detection , investigation , prosecution and conviction measures , including :
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	35	( a ) That the Review Conference has provided a useful opportunity to assess the effectiveness of the Agreement and its implementation . ( b ) To continue the informal consultations of States parties and keep the Agreement under review through the resumption of the Review Conference at a date not later than 2011 , to be agreed at a future round of informal consultations , and to request the Secretary-General to convene such meetings . United Nations , Treaty Series , vol. 2167 , No. 37924 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	106	Reaffirms that any act of enforced disappearance is an offence to human dignity and a grave and flagrant violation of the human rights and fundamental freedoms proclaimed in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights82 and reaffirmed and developed in other international instruments in this field , as well as a violation of the rules of international law ; and that no State shall practise , permit or tolerate enforced disappearances as proclaimed in the Declaration on the Protection of All Persons from Enforced Disappearances ; Urges all Governments to take appropriate legislative or other steps to prevent and suppress the practice of enforced disappearances , in keeping with the Declaration , and to take action to that end at the national and regional levels and in cooperation with the United Nations , including through the provision of technical assistance ; Calls upon Governments to take steps to ensure that , when a state of emergency is introduced , the protection of human rights is ensured , in particular as regards the prevention of enforced disappearances ;
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	66	As a minimum , the Scientific Committee 's secretariat should comprise one scientist from the physical sciences and one from the biological sciences , to review and edit the reports of consultants for consideration by the Committee 's working groups . The matter of the understaffing of the Scientific Committee should be addressed before considering whether to increase its membership , and the observer States should keep their current status for the time being , until the funding issues were resolved . It was disappointing that the Secretary-General 's report on financial and administrative implications of increased Scientific Committee membership had yet to be issued .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	63	One is to adjust demand to supply , employing a sort of triage that deals only with the most salient cases ; the other is to adjust supply to demand , thereby compelling the United Nations to address all the situations for which its participation is needed . We wish to express our decided preference for the latter alternative , which is in keeping with the Organization 's lofty aims under the Charter but which has the drawback that it imposes grave responsibilities on all Member States — and , of course , on the Secretariat . Perhaps it is easy for a country of small size and low income , such as Guatemala , to take that position .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	46	We support the policy of the People 's Republic of China to peacefully reunite Taiwan with the mother country . Mr. Ehouzou ( Benin ) ( spoke in French ) : My delegation fully supports the recommendation of the General Committee , which is fully in keeping with the rules of procedure of the General Assembly and the purposes and principles of the Charter . Resolution 2758 ( XXVI ) , which was adopted in 1971 , once and for all decided the issue of the representation of the Chinese people in the United Nations .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Operation in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its sixty-first session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Operation in Burundi ” . A/60/612 and A/61/309 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	62	The Government confirms that licensed dealers are continuing to deal in diamonds , but that all diamonds bought are stored in vaults that are subject to spot inspection by inspectors from the Ministry of Lands , Mines and Energy at any time determined by the said Ministry . The Ministry of Lands , Mines and Energy has drafted a certification regime in keeping with the demands of the United Nations , and on the basis of the Kimberley process , a centralized export process is being put into place , involving the Ministry of Lands , Mines and Energy , the Ministry of Finance and the Central Bank of Liberia . The ultimate objective of this system is to enhance transparency and legitimacy in the trade of diamonds in Liberia .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	50	Mr. Hannesson ( Iceland ) : The annual report ( A/62/1 ) of Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon on the work of the Organization is an excellent overview of the achievements made during the past year , as well as of the complex challenges facing us . The report helps us to keep focus on the main issues — on the need for good governance and accountability , both within the Organization as well as in Member States . We thank the President of the General Assembly for his initiative to make climate change a central theme for the general debate during this session of the Assembly .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	56	The parties are prepared to promote actively the expansion and deepening of mutually advantageous multilateral cooperation within the Commonwealth of Independent States ( CIS ) and to enhance its effectiveness as an instrument for dealing with urgent general problems and tasks confronting the States members . The parties confirm that strengthening cooperation within CIS is in keeping with their national interests and is in accordance with general world trends . The parties confirm their determination to increase constructive cooperation within the framework of global and regional organizations and forums .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	5	“ General “ Decides to keep the item entitled `Elimination of racism and racial discrimination ' on its agenda and to consider it as a matter of high priority at its fifty-sixth session. ” At the same meeting , the representative of Nigeria , on behalf of the sponsors , orally revised the text as follows :
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	75	Welcomes the coordination of the Unit with the Board of Auditors and the Office of Internal Oversight Services , and encourages those bodies to continue sharing experiences , knowledge , best practices and lessons learned with other United Nations audit and oversight bodies as well as with the Independent Audit Advisory Committee ; Takes note with appreciation of the information contained in paragraph 63 of the annual report , 1 and encourages the Unit to keep the General Assembly informed , if necessary , about any difficulty or delay in obtaining visas for the official travel of the inspectors , as well as members of its secretariat ; Requests the Unit to provide at its earliest convenience a detailed explanation of the nature and scope of the investigations the Unit envisions conducting .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	6	Start on hands and feet . Keeping the hands in the starting position , run in place to a quick rhythm . After this has become easy , use slower and slower rhythms , kicking higher and higher .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	55	At its first meeting , held in Geneva in April 1988 , the Committee adopted its rules of procedure and defined its working methods , in conformity with article 18 of the Convention . The increasing number of ratifications and the practice developed in the performance of its functions has required of the Committee to keep its rules of procedure and working methods under constant review , in order to enhance effectiveness and coordination . The current rules of procedure were last amended in 2002.a
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	50	As discussed by the Universalization Contact Group , these include : Bahrain , Lao People 's Democratic Republic , Lebanon , Marshall Islands , Micronesia ( Federated States of ) , Nepal , Oman , Poland , Tonga , Tuvalu and the United Arab Emirates . ( ii ) In keeping with Action # 3 of the Nairobi Action Plan , all States Parties and those that share their aims should continue to increase universalization efforts that place a priority on those States not parties that produce , use , transfer and maintain large stockpiles of anti-personnel mines , including those developing new kinds of anti-personnel mines . ( iii ) Further to Actions # 5 and # 6 of the Nairobi Action Plan , States Parties should make renewed efforts to use bilateral , regional and multilateral meetings and events to promote the Convention including in the United Nations General Assembly and its committees .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	72	In this regard , we wish to reiterate our commitment and readiness to continue consultations on the issues under consideration by the Open-ended Working Group on the Question of Equitable Representation on and Increase in the Membership of the Security Council and Other Matters Related to the Security Council . As for structural reform of the Council , we are pleased to acknowledge that Member States have expressed their strong determination to keep the momentum going and their willingness for further discussions . For our part , we look forward to working with other delegations in order to arrive at a solution that enjoys the support of a broad majority of Member States .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	72	Nigeria feels further honoured by the opportunity we were given to facilitate the informal formal consultations between the original sponsors and other partners — including the European Union , the Japan , United States , Canada , Australia and New Zealand group ( JUSCANZ ) and the Russian Federation — some of which have since indicated interest in joining the list of sponsors . The list , we are confident , will keep growing . Why will the list keep growing ?
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	11	Accounts ( 1 ) The Darfur Reconstruction and Development Fund shall keep systematic revenue and expenditure accounts . ( 2 ) The Darfur Reconstruction and Development Fund shall prepare the statement of accounts and the budget provided for in article 8 at the end of the financial year .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	37	This information was also made available to the judge . In an affidavit of 17 May 2000 , a lawyer from the PGT indicated that the author had “ demonstrated that she was capable of instructing and keeping legal counsel ” in support of a motion for the PGT to be removed as legal representative for the author . Child and Family Services Act , section 70 ( 1 ) ( … ) “ the court shall not make an order for society wardship under this Part that results in a child being a society ward for a period exceeding :
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	33	One option could be to require an author expressly to object to the revelation of his/her identity , rather than requiring his/her express consent to such a revelation . If deadlines are not kept either by the State party or by the author , the treaty body may decide the question of admissibility “ in light of available information ” ( see CAT rule 108 , paragraph 6 and CERD rule 92 , paragraph 6 ) . Paragraph 2 : the amendment reflects a suggestion to specify that States parties shall also submit to the Committee their views on admissibility .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	31	Actually it was no more than eight or ten minutes , and the sum of his reasoning came to this : There 's no way to take him in now and keep those other two - Wister and the one who hired the two of them - from finding out about Roberts and lamming out . The local law here would hold me till they check clear back home , and maybe more than that .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	46	Twenty-six letters of credit were fully paid subsequent to my letter of 17 October 2005 as a result of which 223 letters of credit remained as of 30 November 2005 , as shown in table 2 . Funds associated with those letters of credit will be kept in the United Nations Iraq Account until 31 December 2005 . In addition , it should be recalled that I had indicated in the annex to my letter of 17 October 2005 that the relevant authorities had asked for an extension of some 46 letters of credit to 19 June 2006 .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	21	Invites voluntary contributions to the United Nations Trust Fund established to support the African Union Mission in Somalia ; Decides to keep under review during its sixty-third session the item entitled “ Financing of activities arising from Security Council resolution 1863 ( 2009 ) ” . Ninety-sixth session
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	74	Her delegation had voted against paragraph 42 , which fundamentally altered the funding mechanisms for the UN-SPIDER programme , in contradiction to paragraph 7 of General Assembly resolution 61/110 , which called for the programme to be funded through voluntary contributions and stipulated that the programme should not lead to an increase in the regular budget . Her delegation had nevertheless joined in the consensus on the draft resolution as a whole , in keeping with its commitment to disaster mitigation , given Mexico 's vulnerability to such events . Her delegation remained committed to international disaster-mitigation efforts and to UN-SPIDER , and hoped that coordination between such efforts and UN-SPIDER would avoid duplication of efforts and ensure maximum benefits for Member States .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	29	The responsibility is shared between the two neighbouring countries . Although some had promised to assist us and provide technical equipment for border control , they have failed to keep their promises . Syria condemns the acts of terrorism that continue to be perpetrated throughout Iraq , causing many casualties among innocent civilians .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	49	Each year , a warehouse summary was produced based on the information contained in the registration cards . In August 1990 , two of the Consortium 's senior employees carried out an inventory of the spare parts , construction materials and consumables , as reflected in the detailed records kept for previous years . According to this inventory , the value in August 1990 of the spare parts , construction materials and consumables abandoned in Iraq was IQD 375 , 330 ( USD 1 , 204 , 390 ) , consisting of spare parts to the value of IQD 343 , 443 , construction materials to the value of IQD 24 , 092 , and consumables to the value of IQD 7 , 795 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	37	Given that the content of resolution 62/149 was not repeated in the current draft resolution , the term “ Reaffirming ” was necessary in order to express continued support . The use of the term was in keeping with established practice . In order to maintain the integrity of the draft resolution , her delegation would vote against the proposed amendment .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	16	He was eyeing the Anniston catcher warming up his pitcher before the inning began . `` Keep your eyes open , sonny '' ! Mike yelled to the catcher .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	17	( ii ) Consultations and cooperation with officials of the United Nations Secretariat Shimin Gaikou Centre has kept in touch with officials who axe in charge of the rights of indigenous peoples in the Office of High Commissioner for Human Rights in Geneva and New York . ( iii ) Preparation of papers and/or other material at the request of the Economic and Social Council and its subsidiary bodies , or of the United Nations Secretariat
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	27	( Support national efforts to eradicate poverty through all forms of international cooperation. ) ( Pending ) [ EU : ( Take steps to eradicate poverty in keeping with internationally agreed goals by [ US : ensuring ] ( US : encouraging ) that international cooperation assist national efforts to achieve sustainable social and economic support for older persons. ) ] ( Pending ) [ US : ( Strengthen the capacities of developing countries to address the obstacles that hinder the participation in an increasingly globalized economy in order to have better possibility to eradicate poverty among older persons. ) ] ( Pending )
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	37	Recalling the role played by the International Committee of the Red Cross in the elaboration of the Convention and the Protocols thereto , Recalling also that the States parties at the Review Conference declared their commitment to keeping the provisions of Protocol II under review in order to ensure that the concerns regarding the weapons it covers are addressed , and that they would encourage the efforts of the United Nations and other organizations to address all problems of landmines , Commending the efforts of the Secretary-General and the President of the First Annual Conference of States Parties to Amended Protocol II towards the promotion of the goal of universality of amended Protocol II ,
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	35	Recalling that the issue had already been discussed at length in the the Working Party , he expressed his country 's disappointment at the lack of any decision on the matter . Switzerland would nevertheless keep insisting on the importance of introducing the concept . The representative of the United States of America asked for clarification on the negative balance shown against a number of projects in some tables in the documentation before the Working Party .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	71	In this area , Colombia accords special recognition to the work of the International Committee of the Red Cross , from which the United Nations system can draw important lessons . In that connection , Colombia attaches vital importance to timely consultation between the system 's agencies and the Governments of countries where they maintain a presence , so as to ensure that United Nations humanitarian programmes and activities are in keeping with national plans and policies . The same criterion must be applied to conflict prevention activities .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	45	In deciding to draft this Summary in a format which was separated out from the actual recommendations in the report itself , and in a way that was re-usable , the Panel was motivated by a number of matters . One was the desire to keep the substantive element of its reports to a manageable length . As the number of reports generated by the various panels increases , there seems to be a good deal to be said for what might be called economies of scale .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	54	During the seventeenth session , the Committee on Rules and Judicial Practice continued consideration of proposals made by the Registry concerning a format for the List of cases pursuant to article 36 , paragraph 1 ( b ) , of the Rules . The form under which the List of cases has to be kept was the subject of a decision taken by the Tribunal at its seventeenth session . Editorial corrections to the Rules
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	73	Besides carrying out such inspections , the Ministry of Labour and Employment also cooperates with the Social Welfare Secretariat-SEAS of the Ministry of Social Security and Welfare-MPAS on the Elimination of Child Labour Programme-PETI , one of the major government programmes under Avança , Brazil ( Forward , Brazil ) project . Actions under PETI range from the granting of scholarships to families so they can take their children away from work and keep them in school to expanded school hours and related activities . Labour Inspection not only provides data for selecting locations and activities to be included in the programme but also oversees the programme 's implementation .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	38	We reaffirm the central role played by the International Atomic Energy Agency in promoting and strengthening the technological and physical security of radioactive sources and materials . International efforts under way in this field should be fully in keeping with international law and the principles of the Charter . The Chairman : We still have to deal with cluster 7 , but we have little time and will soon have to adjourn the meeting .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	49	Any delay in peacekeeping operations could have serious consequences for lives and property . It was therefore incumbent upon the Fifth Committee to respond rapidly and objectively to the requirements of United Nations peace operations , so as to enable the Secretary-General fully to discharge his responsibilities , in keeping with the principles and purposes of the Charter of the United Nations . His delegation welcomed any proposals that would strengthen the role of the United Nations in peace operations throughout the world and that would bring economic and social development to all parts of the globe .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	44	Strongly urges all Governments : ( a ) To cooperate with and assist the Special Rapporteur so that her mandate may be carried out effectively , including , where appropriate , by issuing invitations to the Special Rapporteur when she so requests , in keeping with the usual terms of reference for missions by special rapporteurs of the Commission on Human Rights ; Expresses its appreciation to those Governments that have invited the Special Rapporteur to visit their countries , asks them to examine carefully the recommendations made by the Special Rapporteur , invites them to report to the Special Rapporteur on the actions taken on those recommendations and requests other Governments , including those mentioned in the report of the Special Rapporteur , to cooperate in a similar way ;
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	59	From the very first day that it came to possess nuclear weapons , China solemnly declared that at no time and under no circumstances would it be the first to use nuclear weapons. It also gave an unconditional undertaking not to use or threaten to use nuclear weapons against non-nuclear weapon States or nuclear-weapon-free zones . China has always kept its nuclear weapon forces at the minimum level necessary for self-defence . We reiterate our appeal that all five of the nuclear-weapon States give a mutual undertaking never , under any circumstances , to be the first to use nuclear weapons and commit themselves unconditionally and in a legally binding manner never to use or threaten to use nuclear weapons against any non-nuclear-weapon State .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	22	- Advising the Speaker on matters of parliamentary procedure and liaising with government ministries in relation to procedures in Parliament ; - Keeping a record of parliamentary proceedings and parliamentary records and in general ensuring that Parliament runs smoothly . 1983 Appointed Director of Public Prosecutions .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	60	After years of negotiation and debate , it is time now for the international community to reach a consensus on the democratization of the Security Council to make it better adapted to the new international realities . It would also be an ideal time to give thought to a thorough reassessment of the veto , which is no longer in keeping with the current state of international relations . The attainment of these goals will make it possible for our Organization to discharge its twofold mission : guaranteeing peace among nations and assisting the peoples of the earth to develop their potential .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	22	( ii ) Without prejudice to international law , particularly the international law of the sea ; ( iii ) Consistently in keeping with the spirit of operative paragraph 1 of General Assembly resolution 61/197 and succeeding General Assembly resolutions . Preparatory activities
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	31	Some United Nations Member States initially expressed disappointment at not being selected for the Panel . However , the number of experts on the Panel — 16 — was determined in keeping with a panel 's reduced size in comparison with a group . Moreover , the budget was not strong enough to financially support the travel and costs of a larger Panel membership .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	30	The Chairman said it would be inconsistent to argue that only one set of recommendations should be retained but two documents issued . If just some of the recommendations were kept , that must surely result in a consolidated text . Mr. Estrella Faria ( Secretariat ) said that financial constraints meant that it would be impossible to reprint the Guide with an addition thereto during the current biennium .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	59	Russia also considers it necessary , in developing resolution 1483 ( 2003 ) , to consider in the Security Council the possibility of taking a decision on specific steps to enhance United Nations involvement in a post-war settlement and to supplement the mandate of the United Nations with the appropriate additional functions or tasks . This would be in keeping with our main goal , which is to deal with the challenges facing Iraq today . It is our hope that the international community will be able to develop agreed decisions that will make it possible to provide the necessary assistance to the people of Iraq .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	54	First , where the encumbered assets are already held by or can easily be brought into the possession of a third party , especially a commercial keeper of other persons ' assets . The second field of application is where instruments and documents , embodying tangible assets or intangible rights , can be easily kept by the secured creditor itself . ( b ) Right of retention of possession
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	29	The road map should help lead to an increased number of opium-free provinces , coupled with improved governance records . The approach used by the road map is in keeping with the Good Performance Initiative of the Government of Afghanistan . The road map serves a double purpose. First , it advocates providing an increased package of incentives and positive rewards for provinces that perform well in the area of drug control , with a view to sustaining the progress achieved .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	53	It also welcomes the State party 's commitment to preventing the recruitment of children into armed forces and to promoting the disarmament , demobilization and reintegration of child soldiers into their local communities , as well as their protection and rehabilitation . The Committee notes with appreciation the State party 's efforts to keep and strengthen the issue of children in armed conflict on the agenda of the United Nations Security Council . C. Principal areas of concern and recommendations
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	97	The Board had reviewed the remaining unimplemented recommendations in respect of the Fund 's benefit provisions from 2002 , concerning modifications to previous economy measures taken in the 1980s to address actuarial deficits faced by the Fund at that time . Recalling that the General Assembly had approved those recommendations in principle , but with implementation to begin when the actuarial valuation showed a clear upward pattern of surpluses , he said that in the light of the current actuarial valuation , no new benefit measures could be considered at present , but that the Board would keep the remaining recommendations as a priority on its agenda . In 2008 , the secretariat had prepared a review of the impact of currency fluctuations on pension benefits and variations in amounts due as a result of different separation dates .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	73	Reaffirming our unshakeable determination to put an end to the root causes of the continuing situation of violence , bloodshed , insecurity , political instability , and exclusion , which has heaped distress and suffering on the Burundian people and is seriously compromising the prospects for economic development and the establishment of equality and social justice in our country , Reaffirming our commitment to build a political order and system of Government in keeping with the realities of our country and based on the values of justice , political pluralism , respect for the fundamental freedoms and rights of the individual , unity , solidarity , mutual understanding , tolerance and cooperation , In the presence of :
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	41	According to Iraq 's declarations , in addition to munitions filled with chemical agents , there were 98 , 000 munitions acquired or produced by Iraq for chemical weapons purposes that remained unfilled up until 1991 . Those empty munitions were kept at multiple storage areas in the vicinity of the Muthanna State Establishment under its custody and at several other military ammunition depots and some munitions production facilities in Iraq where they had been manufactured . Of the 98 , 000 munitions , 36 , 500 were claimed by Iraq to have been destroyed by the coalition through aerial bombardment during the 1991 war , 29 , 000 were declared to have been destroyed unilaterally by Iraq in the summer of 1991 , 15 , 500 were converted by Iraq to conventional munitions by filling them with high explosives in 1995 and some 17 , 000 munitions were declared and destroyed by Iraq under the supervision of United Nations inspectors in the period from 1991 to 1994 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	39	I here reaffirm our commitment to continue to cooperate with the Committee in its efforts , as we have been doing on the regional and subregional levels . Moreover , I should like to report that Paraguay , in keeping with its constitutional process , is becoming a party to the 12 international agreements on terrorism and was one of the first countries to sign the Inter-American Convention against Terrorism , adopted in the framework of the Organization of American States . We firmly support the strengthening of an international legal basis for combating terrorism .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	91	Many country-specific projects were initiated with ministries of education led by UNICEF and ActionAid , among others . The ongoing 2008-2009 World Disaster Reduction campaign “ Hospitals safe from disasters ” , supported by the World Health Organization and the World Bank , aims at better protecting the lives of patients , health staff and the public by reinforcing the structural resilience of health facilities ; ensuring that health facilities continue to function in the aftermath of disasters ; and better preparing and training health workers on preparedness plans that will keep health systems operational if natural hazards strike . The United Nations Disaster Management Training Programme was redesigned into a Capacity Development for Disaster Reduction Initiative through a joint effort between the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs , UNDP and the Strategy secretariat .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	55	The person presiding at a meeting of the Commission has a deliberative vote , and , in the event of an equality of votes , also has a casting vote . The Commission may regulate the conduct of proceedings at its meetings as it thinks fit and shall cause minutes of those proceedings to be kept . The Minister ( the Attorney-General ) does not have power to “ convene ” the Human Rights and Equal Opportunity Commission , although he or she is able to convene a meeting of the Commission .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	45	The policy will ensure that orphans are not discriminated against and that they enjoy full human rights . While the Government will continue to enhance respect for children 's rights and to improve their welfare , there is concern that the burden of external debt keeps increasing at a time when official development assistance is decreasing , thus reducing Kenya 's capacity for greater investment in the provision of basic social services for its children . A wise man once said that the birth of a child is God 's way of showing that He has not given up on the world .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-sixth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo ” . Fifty-sixth session
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	53	Member States should work for a proper balance between the Third Committee and the Council in order to avoid duplication and to achieve the maximum effectiveness and credibility . With regard to the presentation of the report , his delegation considered that the procedure adopted at the sixty-first session had been more in keeping with General Assembly resolution 60/251 . It was regrettable that , at the current session , the report would be presented only to the Committee. Such a procedure should not constitute a precedent for the sixty-third session .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	56	Encourages Member States to promote the development of regional and subregional networks of experts and practitioners from government , non-governmental organizations , academia and the private sector in order to increase the potential for policy action on ageing ; Encourages the international community , including international and bilateral donors , to enhance international cooperation , in keeping with internationally agreed goals , to support national efforts to eradicate poverty , in order to achieve sustainable social and economic support for older persons , including by strengthening their national capacity in the area of policy development and implementation , regarding older persons , while bearing in mind that countries have the primary responsibility for their own economic and social development ; Also encourages the international community and the relevant organizations of the United Nations system , within their respective mandates , to support national and regional efforts and to provide funding for research and data-collection initiatives on ageing in order to better understand the challenges and opportunities presented by population ageing and to provide policymakers with more accurate and specific information on ageing and gender , such as for policy planning , monitoring and evaluation ;
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	38	Article 11 . 1.5.2.1 The carrier shall during the period of its responsibility as defined in article 7 4.1 , and subject to article 8 4.2 , properly and carefully load , handle , stow , carry , keep , care for and discharge the goods . [ 2.5.2.2 The parties may agree that certain of the functions referred to in article paragraph 1 5.2.1 shall be performed by or on behalf of the shipper , the controlling party or the consignee .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	30	The Special Representative of the Secretary-General of the United Nations and the Secretary-General of CEN-SAD also took part in the mini-summit . The mini-summit decided to establish a force to keep the peace in Central Africa under the auspices of President Omer Ahmed Al-Bashir , current Chairman of CEN-SAD , and of Colonel Muammar Qaddafi in his capacity as a sponsor of the peace process within the Community . It also decided to establish a political committee of the ministers for foreign affairs of the Sudan , Chad , the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya , Burkina Faso and Gabon , the Secretary-General of OAU , the Secretary-General of CEN-SAD and a representative of the Secretary-General of the United Nations .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	4	Here comes Jason . Keep this to yourself '' . Reverend Jason , looking worried , hurried toward us .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	76	( c ) To continue to consider , on a priority basis and in an appropriate substantive manner and framework , the question of the implementation of the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations related to assistance to third States affected by the application of sanctions under Chapter VII of the Charter based on all of the related reports of the Secretary-General and the proposals submitted on the question ; ( d ) To keep on its agenda the question of the peaceful settlement of disputes between States ; ( e ) To consider , as appropriate , any proposal referred to it by the General Assembly in the implementation of the decisions of the High-level Plenary Meeting of the sixtieth session of the Assembly in September 2005 that concern the Charter and any amendments thereto ;
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	78	The statutes of trade unions for the territory of municipalities or wider local communities , and of unions in companies , institutes and other organizations and at employers and State bodies , municipality bodies and wider local communities are kept by the administrative bodies competent in the first instance for the area of labour . Union statutes for the territory of the State , for several municipalities or wider local communities , branches , activities and trades are kept by the ministry responsible for labour ( Ministry of Labour , Family and Social Affairs ) . The procedure for depositing the statutes begins at the request of the authorized officer of the trade union .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	51	Welcomes also the cooperative attitude of other States and Territories in the region towards New Caledonia , its economic and political aspirations and its increasing participation in regional and international affairs and its intention to host the 2005 meeting of the Ministerial Committee of the Pacific Islands Forum ; Decides to keep under continuous review the process unfolding in New Caledonia as a result of the signing of the Nouméa Accord ; Requests the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples to continue the examination of the question of the Non-Self-Governing Territory of New Caledonia and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its sixty-first session .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	88	This humanist concept based on the individual , which is also reflected in the preamble to the Constitution , provides the key to a proper interpretation of the Constitution as a whole , and this same concept also lends substance to the development of the political , economic , social and cultural programmes that the various government bodies are required to carry out . In November 1991 and January 1992 the Legislative Assembly ratified reforms to the Constitution which were the product of a national consensus , in keeping with the provisions of article 248 of the Constitution . These reforms dealt with human rights , electoral matters , the judiciary and the armed forces , and have helped to strengthen the peace process and consolidate democracy in the country .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	57	In conclusion , the Commission requested the Secretary-General to consider measures to strengthen significantly the UNCITRAL secretariat within the bounds of the resources available in the Organization , if possible during the current biennium and in any case during the 2004-2005 biennium . Mr. Popkov ( Belarus ) said that the work of UNCITRAL was fully in keeping with the goals outlined in the Millennium Declaration and confirmed the primacy of law in international relations . The fact that the conventions , model laws , legislative guides and other instruments prepared by UNCITRAL had been recognized by many States testified to the high quality of those texts , which were prepared by experts representing various countries , civilizations and legal systems .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	56	[ Original : English ] [ 23 June 2006 ] The Government of Jamaica has not promulgated any law , legislation or measure or taken any other action that would infringe on the sovereignty of a State or its lawful national interests or obstruct the freedom of commercial activity , trade and economic cooperation , in keeping with obligations under the Charter of the United Nations . Jamaica continues to oppose the extraterritorial application and effects of national legislation on the sovereignty of States as being contrary to the principles of international law , the sovereign equality of States , non-interference in the internal affairs of States and peaceful coexistence .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	57	The second level ( military unit level ) controls the transfer of items between the sub-units and keeps records of the overall quantities within the unit ( both in the sub-units and in the unit 's storage facility ) . The third level ( Army level ) controls the transfer of items between separate military units and keeps records of the overall quantities within the armed forces ( both in the units and in the central storage facilities ) . Any surpluses are placed in a special central storage facility , located next to the plant holding the technology to destroy small arms and light weapons .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	74	“ When the information available supports a reasonable presumption that the objects and documents are to be found in a place of the sort mentioned in article 205 , the procedure described in that article shall be followed. ” Article 188 , first paragraph , of the Code of Penal Procedure of 2000 provides , in relation to the preservation of property , that items collected during the course of the investigation shall be kept in the custody of the Public Prosecutor 's Office , which must take the measures necessary to prevent any deterioration . Lastly , the Code of Penal Procedure of 2000 contains a rule of considerable practical scope whereby even objects unrelated to the act under investigation may be impounded .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	25	Then , a group of eggs is deposited in a cavity in the beebread loaf and the egg compartment is closed . The queen afterward keeps incubating and guarding her eggs like a mother hen , taking a sip from time to time from the rather liquid honey in her honey pots . When the larvae hatch , they feed on the beebread , although they also receive extra honey meals from their mother .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	87	The World Summit on Sustainable Development offered the international community an excellent opportunity to reaffirm its commitments in support of the Rio Declaration and Agenda 21 , to draw up a balance sheet of progress made in the area of environmental protection and sustainable development , to look at the new challenges to be overcome and to give a new impetus to its actions . It must , however , agree on the same vision of the future and demonstrate the political will to take action in keeping with the principle of common but differentiated responsibilities . Mexico was taking an active part in the work of the Open-ended Intergovernmental Group of Ministers or Their Representatives on International Environmental Governance , whose work , which consisted of making a detailed analysis of current institutional weaknesses and future needs and options in terms of strengthening international environmental governance , would contribute significantly to the Summit 's preparatory process .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	41	It then inspected the Institute 's buildings and facilities and checked the systems and equipment that had previously been labelled and the equipment included in the six-monthly statements . The other group visited the warehouses where the materials being used are kept , those where fuel is kept , the animal wing and the warehouses of chemical products , culture media and imported vaccines . The team completed its work at 1.55 p.m .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	45	During its eighty-eighth , eighty-ninth and ninetieth sessions , the Committee held nine Bureau meetings ( three per session ) , with interpretation . Pursuant to the decision taken at the seventy-first session , the Bureau records its decisions in formal minutes , which are kept as a record of all decisions taken . Special rapporteurs
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	50	Another Ministry of Labour policy that would greatly benefit women was the regularization of the black economy through the empowerment of inspectors to impose penalties on employers for not reporting employees and failing to pay social security and pension benefits for them . The Ministry was now better able to keep a record of the actual size of the labour force . Similarly , the recent establishment of the Social Land Bank would allow the Government to make an overall assessment of the available land .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	53	Having considered the report of the Commission on the work of the first part of its fortieth session , Reiterating its concern that activities undertaken by other bodies in the field of international trade law without adequate coordination with the Commission might lead to undesirable duplication of efforts and would not be in keeping with the aim of promoting efficiency , consistency and coherence in the unification and harmonization of international trade law , Reaffirming the mandate of the Commission , as the core legal body within the United Nations system in the field of international trade law , to coordinate legal activities in this field , in particular to avoid duplication of efforts , including among organizations formulating rules of international trade , and to promote efficiency , consistency and coherence in the modernization and harmonization of international trade law , and to continue , through its secretariat , to maintain close cooperation with other international organs and organizations , including regional organizations , active in the field of international trade law ,
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	68	In spite of a number of obstacles , that debate had moved on apace , and a growing number of Puerto Ricans of all political affiliations now regarded the proposed assembly as an indispensable tool in the search for consensus . The principal aim of the Puerto Rican people , namely to ensure that the United States recognized their inalienable right to self-determination and independence , was in keeping with paragraph 5 of General Assembly resolution 1514 ( XV ) and was also reflected in the draft resolution currently before the Committee . Efforts had been made to ensure that the constitutional assembly would contribute to the achievement of that aim and enable the island to overcome the tribalism , sectarianism and fragmentation to which it had long been subjected .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	51	Welcomes also the cooperative attitude of other States and Territories in the region towards New Caledonia , its economic and political aspirations and its increasing participation in regional and international affairs and its intention to host the 2005 meeting of the Ministerial Committee of the Pacific Islands Forum ; Decides to keep under continuous review the process unfolding in New Caledonia as a result of the signing of the Nouméa Accord ; Requests the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples to continue the examination of the question of the Non-Self-Governing Territory of New Caledonia and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its sixty-first session .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	49	The Government also emphasized that the enhancement of international cooperation and dialogue in the field of human rights is undermined by the practice of applying unilateral coercive measures . The Government urged States to completely refrain from adopting or implementing any such measures , as they are not in keeping with international law or the Charter of the United Nations . Bosnia and Herzegovina
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	57	For example , if an oppressive landlord is violating a tenant farmer 's right to food by unlawfully evicting him from the only piece of land on which the latter 's subsistence depends , then the State must protect the farmer by taking appropriate actions on the landlord . Otherwise , the State would be failing to keep its commitment to uphold human rights , even though the actual violation of rights is being perpetrated by a private individual . The third and final obligation , viz. the obligation to fulfil the rights , has been subdivided into two parts - to facilitate and to provide .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	98	At that meeting , which had taken place in Berlin in September 2000 , Morocco had taken up the aforementioned third option based on a sincere and frank dialogue with all the other parties . Morocco 's evident goodwill had been recognized by the Secretary-General in his report of 24 April 2001 ( S/2001/398 ) , in which he had stated his conviction that the Government of Morocco was prepared to offer or support some degree of devolution of authority for all the inhabitants and former inhabitants of the Territory which would be genuine , substantial and in keeping with international norms . With that conviction Mr. Baker had elaborated a draft Framework Agreement on the Status of Western Sahara which translated the concept of a transfer of authority into a legal document .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	27	Brazil agrees that “ precautionary approach ” is an expression less susceptible to controversy in view of scientific uncertainties and aquifer vulnerabilities . It is preferable to keep the term “ precautionary approach ” in the draft articles . Finland
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	82	Other metrics should be developed in order to ensure that that is not the only performance indicator and that the best possible use is made of staff members ' claimed language skills . Staff should continue to be encouraged to write reports for intergovernmental bodies in the working language they know best or to improve the multilingual content of their organizations ' Internet sites by contributing towards the posting on them of texts in other official languages , and figures should be kept to show the progress made in those regards . The absence or the unclear presentation of such statistics can give the unjustified impression that the situation has not changed and so lead to repeated requests for action in the resolutions of governing bodies .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	30	( a ) At 1300 hours a group of persons carrying tarpaulins began work at coordinates 5150 in the Fakkah area . ( b ) The Iranian side continued to keep the Shatt al-Arab forward observation posts manned night and day , with two men in each one . ( c ) The Iranians stepped up their daily patrols on the eastern side of the Shatt al-Arab , especially during daylight hours .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	76	You would have seen then that the heart-breaking thing is that whatever their commitment , whatever their courage , the thing that keeps them from coming back is that there is not the money to put a roof on their house , that we can not provide them with a cow , that we can not provide them with a herd of sheep to get their economy restarted . Now that is what this means to keep that funding up , and I beg the Council to make sure that continues to happen . There are some who think it is the time to cut back our funding .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	59	Although the deadline was not met , the commanders of the two armed forces have made efforts to begin their respective cantonment . On 24 January , the Chief of Staff of the defence and security forces announced that 12 , 000 of its soldiers had been cantoned and registered and had deposited their weapons in storage , in keeping with the provisions of the third supplementary agreement . Subsequently , the Chief of Staff announced that following the completion of that process within the stipulated 10-day period , the defence and security forces of Côte d'Ivoire soldiers had returned to their barracks .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	61	The Group noted that the Register could contribute to enhancing confidence , easing tensions , strengthening regional and international peace and security and restraining arms transfers , taking into account the legitimate security needs of States . The Group also recognized that this contribution would be increased by greater , more consistent participation of States in the Register , and by keeping the Register relevant in the light of developments in international peace and security . In considering the development of the Register , the Group took full account of the relationship between transparency and the security needs of States .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	56	His delegation respectfully disagreed with the assertion that certain of the proposed amendments to the 1988 Convention for the Suppression of Unlawful Acts Against the Safety of Maritime Navigation of the International Maritime Organization ( IMO ) had “ potential negative implications for the NPT ” . The proposed amendments to the Convention were fully in keeping with the letter and spirit of the NPT . A large number of countries had worked diligently in IMO to formulate non-proliferation transport offences for inclusion in the Convention that would further the efforts of the world community to halt the proliferation of nuclear , chemical and biological weapons .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	37	The necessity to comply with these standards will have an impact on the choice of location for the archives . According to the principle of archival integrity , “ the records of a given agency should be kept together as the records of that agency , such records should be kept , as far as possible , in the arrangement given them in the agency in the course of its official business , such records should be kept in their entirety , without mutilation , alteration , or unauthorized destruction of portions of them ” . Each of the archives of the Tribunals should therefore be preserved as a complete entity , and within each of the archives , the records received and generated by the different organs should be kept separate .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	76	( iii ) Including the issue of “ Diversity of sources of procurement ” as an agenda item at the annual meetings of the Inter-Agency Procurement Working Group ; Notes also the recent introduction of the principle of best value for money in relation to procurement , and requests the Secretary-General , when applying this principle , to continue safeguarding the financial interests of the Organization , consider best practices and ensure that adequate records are kept ; Requests the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly an overview and general analysis of the functioning of the principle of best value for money , within the framework of his regular reporting on procurement reform ;
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	36	In 2006/07 there were 166 GRT children in Post Primary Education . In Scotland , The Education ( Additional Support for Learning ) ( Scotland ) Act 2004 requires local authorities to identify , meet and keep under review the needs of all pupils for whom they are responsible , including GRT children in Scotland . The Scottish Government currently funds and meets with the Scottish Travellers Education Programme ( STEP ) and the Traveller Education Network ( TENET ) , who work with education authorities in promoting and developing inclusive educational approaches for both settled and mobile GRT Families .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	96	The Agenda for Protection , the outcome of the Global Consultations , provided a basis for future cooperation among States , the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees ( UNHCR ) , the United Nations and other intergovernmental organizations and non-governmental organizations , and constituted a framework for dealing with the changing situation of refugees . Despite unfortunate incidents of smuggling of people and the recurring waves of economic migrants , it was very important for the developed countries , especially those adopting more restrictive immigration and anti-terrorist measures , to continue to keep their borders open to refugees . There must be greater coordination between the Office of the High Commissioner and other bodies dealing with humanitarian issues within the United Nations system , and the Office must be given more financial resources for the integration or voluntary repatriation of refugees currently in developing countries .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	70	I am convinced that we can and must enhance its contents , so as to describe better the work of the Council and also to ensure that the report can better be utilized . As has been said , and as was noted in consultations , in no way should these comments prevent us from acknowledging the valuable work done by the Secretariat in compiling information and organizing it in keeping with the instructions and guidelines that the Council has laid down . However , the report still is designed to be informational — to be a compendium of data that can easily be consulted , especially if we use modern technology .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	32	The Chairperson also announced publicly that the Commission had decided to discontinue consideration of the situation of human rights in Bolivia , Djibouti and Honduras . The Commission had also decided to keep the situation of human rights in Uzbekistan under review and to appoint an independent expert to report to it under the confidential procedure established in accordance with Council resolutions 1503 ( XLVIII ) and 2000/3 . The Commission also decided that the decision concerning Paraguay , which had been before the Commission under the confidential procedure from 1978 to 1990 , should also be made public .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	41	Mr. Al-Dekhail ( Kuwait ) said that the increase in the number of refugees worldwide was cause for concern and required the international community to support UNHCR efforts to provide protection and assistance to refugees and internally displaced persons . In keeping with its humanitarian obligations , his Government was committed to supporting UNHCR through annual contributions and the hosting of a UNHCR office . He welcomed the structural and administrative reform of UNHCR , which was intended to increase its flexibility in meeting beneficiaries ' needs by reducing administrative overheads in the field and improving field operations .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	41	The owners of firearms are required to keep their weapons under lock and key . If a person has more than four firearms , or the firearms include revolvers , pistols or automatic weapons , all the weapons are to be kept in an approved secure gun locker . If a weapon is lost or falls into wrong hands , this must be reported to the police. The police may also verify that weapons are being kept under secure conditions in private homes .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	96	Requests the Committee to continue to exert all efforts to promote the realization of the inalienable rights of the Palestinian people , including their right to self-determination , to support the Middle East peace process and to mobilize international support for and assistance to the Palestinian people , and authorizes the Committee to make such adjustments in its approved programme of work as it may consider appropriate and necessary in the light of developments and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its sixty-fourth session and thereafter ; Also requests the Committee to continue to keep under review the situation relating to the question of Palestine and to report and make suggestions to the General Assembly , the Security Council or the Secretary-General , as appropriate ; Further requests the Committee to continue to extend its cooperation and support to Palestinian and other civil society organizations and to continue to involve additional civil society organizations in its work in order to mobilize international solidarity and support for the Palestinian people , particularly during this critical period of humanitarian hardship and financial crisis , with the overall aim of promoting the achievement by the Palestinian people of its inalienable rights and a peaceful settlement of the question of Palestine ;
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	51	Welcomes also the cooperative attitude of other States and Territories in the region towards New Caledonia , its economic and political aspirations and its increasing participation in regional and international affairs and its intention to host the 2005 meeting of the Ministerial Committee of the Pacific Islands Forum ; Decides to keep under continuous review the process unfolding in New Caledonia as a result of the signing of the Nouméa Accord ; Requests the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples to continue the examination of the question of the Non-Self-Governing Territory of New Caledonia and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its sixty-first session .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	66	The Federation of Cuban Women , in collaboration with UNICEF , had also taken steps in 2002 to raise women 's awareness of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women and to better inform them about their rights . Ms. Hole ( Norway ) emphasized the enormous efforts still required to reach the objective of gender equality and the need to keep up the momentum of the Fourth World Conference on Women . Her country recommended a close and continued dialogue between grass-roots organizations and national authorities .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	59	It is a controversial issue whether to consider a prostitute a criminal as a person , and on the other hand register and license prostitution as a commercial sex work ( as was during colonial era ) . Currently , soliciting by prostitutes , leaving on the earnings of prostitution , the enslavement of women for sexual purposes and keeping of brothels is prohibited by law . Article 604 on habitual exploitation of the immorality of others stipulates :
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	32	Twenty courses were completed for 760 middle ranking and junior RCAF members in the provinces of Battambang , Kampot , Kompong Speu , Koh Kong and the municipality of Kep . In keeping with the new approach , four courses were also held at two military schools , with a total of 273 participants . In addition , two courses for 48 senior officers were conducted in Phnom Penh .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	63	Pursuant to this provision , abused women and children who have been granted a residence permit on the basis of family reunification must be given a renewed residence permit on independent grounds if they are victims of abuse . The purpose of the provision is to ensure that the victim of abuse is not forced to remain in that situation in order to keep the permit to reside in Norway . Statistics from the Directorate of Immigration ( UDI ) for 2004 showed that out of a total of 89 applications for a residence permit on these grounds , 58 were granted and 31 were rejected .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	67	In this regard , we urge the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea to comply fully with the requirements of resolution 1718 ( 2006 ) by abandoning all nuclear weapons and existing nuclear programmes and returning to the Six-Party Talks immediately , without preconditions . To this end , my Government will work closely with all parties concerned for the faithful implementation of the resolution , while keeping the window of a diplomatic solution open . We note the Director General 's statement that the IAEA will work towards a solution that addresses the concerns of the international community on the nature of the nuclear activities in the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	44	The importance of such an approach is evident in the fact that the current session of the General Assembly has chosen global partnership for development as its theme . It is true that developed countries have been increasing their support to LDCs , in keeping with the Programme of Action and their commitments to the Millennium Development Goals ( MDGs ) . But they have to do more to enable LDCs to achieve truly significant progress .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	45	The said law stipulates that holders of the right to own and hold arms and ammunition shall be citizens of the Republic of Lithuania , natural and legal entities registered in the Republic of Lithuania . Citizens of the Republic of Lithuania can acquire , keep and carry civil arms of limited civil circulation subject to a permit , issued in accordance with procedure established by the Government , to acquire , keep and carry arms of limited civil circulation for the purposes of hunting ; sports ; security ( self-defense and protection of property ) ; professional activity ; establishing , storing or augmenting of a collection of usable arms ; also for other purposes provided they do not contradict the existing laws . Sale , manufacture and repair of arms , also manufacture and sale of ammunition on the territory of the Republic of Lithuania are only allowed subject to a license issued in accordance with procedure established by the Government .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	22	If no offer to host is made , COP 13 and COP/MOP 3 will be held in Bonn , Germany . In keeping with the rotation among regional groups , the President of COP 13 will come from the Asian Group . The SBI , at its twenty-fourth session , also recommended the dates of 6-17 June and 28 November to 9 December for the sessional periods in 2011 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	40	Mr. Rosenthal ( Guatemala ) ( spoke in Spanish ) : At the outset , let me thank the Secretary-General for his report on the work of the Organization , contained in document A/63/1 . Beyond observing the formality of keeping the General Assembly fully informed on the activities of the Secretariat , the document lays the groundwork for our intergovernmental organ 's ongoing interaction with the Secretary-General in the framework of the healthy precedent he has established — and which he mentions in his report — to give this forum periodic briefings on topical issues . We welcome and appreciate that rapprochement of the General Assembly and the Secretariat , which is the essential basis for the good governance of this Organization .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	42	The ground control segment is responsible for monitoring the health and status of each satellite as well as for keeping the satellites in their appropriate locations in space . The infrastructure equipment controls the networking aspect of the entire communication system , keeping track of the duration of a communication session for billing purposes as well as assigning communication channels to the various users . Deliberations of the working group on satellite communications
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	68	The author adds that he received no help from the International Social Service , which said that it had no competence to assist , but acknowledges having said that he did not wish to agree to the right of access on just any terms . He refers to the report prepared by the Austrian social service , which considered that seven days ' access per year was in keeping with article 9 , paragraph 3 , of the Convention on the Rights of the Child . 5.3 In response to the State party 's argument concerning the Schengen Treaty , the author points out that the Treaty did not abolish the obligations imposed by the Convention on the Rights of the Child or the fundamental principles of the Universal Declaration that relate to the duty to protect children .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	22	Comparative figures for the biennium 1998-1999 have been reflected in the financial statements . The length of the financial report has been kept to a minimum , in accordance with United Nations guidelines . The financial statements and schedules , as well as the notes thereto , are an integral part of the financial report .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	48	Stress that the South-South Cooperation in science and technology constitutes a cooperation policy that should be implemented by the ASPA Member States to face the challenge of deepening the development and the economic and social progress of our people . Underline the need that countries with middle incomes keep receiving resources from developed countries and also ponder their participation in triangular cooperation . Welcome the improvement of scientific and technologic cooperation in the areas of priority interest of both regions and urge the ASPA Member States to keep presenting proposals in order to perform joint actions .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	69	Reporting on his recent visit to the Sudan , he noted that UNAMID faced great challenges as a result of slow troop deployment and lack of necessary resources . Committed peacekeepers in Darfur were struggling to achieve their mandate without the necessary equipment and logistical support and amid ongoing hostilities , underscoring the central tenet of United Nations peacekeeping , namely , that there must be a peace to keep . On a positive note , the Government of Sudan was increasing its cooperation with the Secretariat and UNAMID to facilitate the deployment of the mission .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	55	I therefore solemnly appeal to all States to demonstrate their commitment to the spirit of fraternity and understanding among peoples by observing the Olympic Truce during the Sydney Games . I urge all those who are now engaged in armed struggle — for whatever reasons and wherever it might be — to suspend hostilities in keeping with the observance. I urge everybody , individually and collectively , to take the initiative to abide by the Olympic Truce as a way of promoting goodwill and encouraging the peaceful settlement of conflicts in full conformity with the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations . New York , 24 April-19 May 2000
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-fifth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Interim Administration Mission in Kosovo ” . To be adopted by the General Assembly .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	38	The Board could not obtain any formal agreement between UNOPS and donors to the respective projects providing approval for the regional office to purchase and use the assets as strategic items . The large number of project assets kept in the warehouse was an indication of poor procurement planning and inadequate consideration given to the needs of the projects prior to making acquisitions . This also implied that UNOPS incorrectly recorded and earned overhead on this project expenditure .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	33	The Secretary-General must be sure to achieve his objectives at the least possible cost and will have to reallocate resources according to new developments on the international scene . He will have to keep up a dialogue with the main organs of the United Nations , in particular the Security Council and the General Assembly . In other words , when he is allocating resources he will have to do so on the basis of a dialogue held through proper channels .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Force in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its sixty-first session , under the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations peacekeeping forces in the Middle East ” , the sub-item entitled “ United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon ” . 84th plenary meeting 22 December 2006
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	56	The role of the international community in this respect is to internationalize the settlement through an international peace conference encompassing all positive ideas , views and initiatives . Such a conference should be based on previous agreed frameworks , in order to realize the vision of two independent States coexisting within secure international borders , in keeping with the decisions of the international community and the resolutions of the Security Council . Fourthly , along with a political vision , there must be a neutral third party on the ground to serve as a deterrent and as a security guarantee to all parties , in order to put an end to the cycle of action and reaction .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	33	Those are specific and concrete border cooperation projects that combine State security with human security , and their implementation brings together governmental actors and local populations . The other priority projects , in keeping with the Dar es-Salaam Declaration , seek to support , harmonize and strengthen the initiatives of existing regional mechanisms in areas such as combating the proliferation of small arms and light weapons , countering terrorism and transnational crime , demining and combating anti-personnel mines . In the area of democracy and good governance , the priority initiatives are based on the project for a regional centre to promote democracy , good governance , human rights and civic education .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	42	The advantages and disadvantages of these processes and their applications are summarized in appendix 3 . All existing processes for disposing of used and scrap tyres generate environmental and health impacts which can not be totally eliminated , and should therefore be kept to a minimum . ( d ) Reclamation Reclamation is a procedure in which tyre rubber is converted—using mechanical processes , thermal energy and chemicals—into a state in which it can be mixed , processed , and vulcanized again .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	55	Welcomes , in this regard , the accession by New Caledonia to the status of observer in the Pacific Islands Forum , continuing high-level visits to New Caledonia by delegations from countries of the Pacific region and high-level visits by delegations from New Caledonia to countries members of the Pacific Islands Forum ; Decides to keep under continuous review the process unfolding in New Caledonia as a result of the signing of the Nouméa Accord ; Requests the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples to continue to examine the question of the Non-Self-Governing Territory of New Caledonia and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	18	Darfur The Special Rapporteur expressed deep concern about the establishment of Special Courts , which are not in keeping with relevant international standards . Article 12 of the Declaration on the Protection of All Persons from Being Subjected to Torture and Other Cruel , Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment adopted by the General Assembly by its resolution 3452 ( XXX ) , provides that any statement which is established to have been made as a result of torture or other cruel , inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment may not be invoked as evidence against the person concerned or against any other person in any proceedings .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	20	( c ) Publish and circulate any report of the Conference ; ( d ) Make and arrange for the keeping of sound recordings and summary records of meetings ; ( e ) Arrange for the custody of documents of the Conference in the archives of the United Nations and provide authentic copies of these documents to each of the depository Governments ; and
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	45	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of assistance programmes to the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations decisions relating thereto , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea level rise , and recalling the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly ,
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	59	Those packages were projected to result in combined debt service relief of more than US $ 30 billion , or more than 60 per cent of the entire programme . In his recent statement to the Annual Meeting of the Board of Governors , the President of the World Bank had noted that more and more developing countries were keeping their side of the bargain and had called upon the developed countries to intensify their efforts by meeting recognized targets for aid to developing countries , providing the resources for faster and broader debt relief , dismantling trade barriers affecting poor countries , and exploring innovative instruments for such pressing issues as AIDS , the environment , basic education and health . The Bank was also helping countries to strengthen their domestic financial systems , in particular under the Financial Sector Assessment Programme , in which IMF was also involved .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	31	As necessary , the Committee will draw on inter-agency networks and working groups to undertake specific and time-bound activities . In the management area , the High-level Committee on Management will keep on its agenda the strengthening of inter-agency cooperation to reinforce measures for the security and safety of United Nations personnel and focus on promoting best practices , modern management approaches and partnerships in all areas of management , finance and budget . In the areas of information and communication technologies , the Committee will continue to promote greater accessibility to United Nations system information of Member States and the general public , including the further development of the United Nations system Extranet and tools for knowledge-sharing and management .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	62	As identified by independent external auditors that certified the subprojects of the Office of the Prime Minister , expenditure overruns greater than 15 per cent persisted in 2006 in spite of repeated findings by the auditor . The Office of the Prime Minister did not record and assess the goods made available by the UNHCR office in Uganda , nor did it keep an up-to-date list of assets . The Board recommends that UNHCR ( a ) strengthen the monitoring of its subprojects and ( b ) ensure that adequate records are maintained for all project assets .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	47	“ Assurance of Service ” , in this context , refers to “ getting rid of ” the spent fuel . Further down the line , for countries with inadequate domestic energy resources ( such as France , India , Japan , Pakistan and Switzerland ) , keeping a hand on spent fuel and reprocessed plutonium is important , since this material is seen as an energy resource to be recovered immediately or possibly later after many years of interim storage . For other States not interested in plutonium recovery , storage is only an intermediate step on the way to disposal in geological repositories .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	46	Having considered the report of the Commission on its thirty-seventh session , Reiterating its concern that activities undertaken by other bodies in the field of international trade law without adequate coordination with the Commission might lead to undesirable duplication of efforts and would not be in keeping with the aim of promoting efficiency , consistency and coherence in the unification and harmonization of international trade law , Reaffirming the mandate of the Commission , as the core legal body within the United Nations system in the field of international trade law , to coordinate legal activities in this field , in particular to avoid duplication of efforts , including among organizations formulating rules of international trade , and to promote efficiency , consistency and coherence in the modernization and harmonization of international trade law , and to continue , through its secretariat , to maintain close cooperation with other international organs and organizations , including regional organizations , active in the field of international trade law ,
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	82	The new round is more alarming as it occurs at a sensitive time when various Lebanese communities and parties are engaged in a national endeavour to reach a comprehensive understanding through an all-inclusive national dialogue , an effort that the aggressors aim to defeat as well . It is important to note that this Israeli onslaught is part of their designs on Lebanon , exemplified in their repeated violations of Lebanese borders and airspace , holding on to the Shaba'a farms and keeping Lebanese detainees . Those designs have continued in the years since their retreat from that country .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	51	They met on 28 January as scheduled for the 64th meeting and pledged to work together in the same spirit of cooperation and to continue with the process of confidence building which had enabled them to overcome mutual distrust and reach consensus on many issues under discussion . This is in keeping with their aim to finalize the set of proposals that would be the basis for a new Constitution and provide a final solution to the National question . It is important to note in this connection that for the first time , proposals have emerged from within a multiparty consultative process .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	68	Following decisions 11/COP.1 , 1/COP.5 and 9/COP.6 , the secretariat sent reminders to organs , funds and programmes of the United Nations system , and to accredited IGOs , inviting them to submit their reports . Based on established practice , the secretariat requested NGOs to submit their contributions directly to their national focal points so as to ensure that the reports would encompass civil society input in keeping with the “ bottom-up ” approach . Accordingly , most NGOs channelled their reports through their national focal points directly into their respective national reports .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	29	• Hungary also pledges to ensure a continuous voluntary contribution to the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights . • Furthermore Hungary commits itself to keep the deadlines with respect to the submission of periodic reports on the implementation of international human rights instruments and is going to pay special attention to the follow-up to the recommendations issued by the treaty bodies . In the absence of the President , Mr. Al-Murad ( Kuwait ) , Vice-President , took the Chair .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	30	Mr. Bravaco ( United States of America ) : I would support such a move , at least as an interim step . I do not know whether we would keep “ confidence-building measures ” , but if we kept that topic , then certainly we should divorce “ verification mechanisms ” from that because that formulation really seems to be a mélange of two separate items , and “ verification mechanisms ” is something that is being handled elsewhere . I would favour , if we had to , keeping “ confidence-building measures ” and removing the concept of verification mechanisms from that .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	21	Invites voluntary contributions to the United Nations Trust Fund established to support the African Union Mission in Somalia ; Decides to keep under review during its sixty-third session the item entitled “ Financing of activities arising from Security Council resolution 1863 ( 2009 ) ” . Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	77	Mr. Grieger ( Secretary of the Committee ) said that , as a result of quick consultations , the following language was proposed for the first two sentences in the third paragraph : “ The Committee reiterates that the occupation is the root cause of the Arab-Israeli conflict , the core of which is the question of Palestine . Israel must withdraw from the Occupied Palestinian Territory , including East Jerusalem , and the Syrian Golan in keeping with resolution 242 ( 1967 ) , reinforced in resolution 338 ( 1973 ) and numerous subsequent Security Council resolutions ” . The Committee statement , as amended , was adopted .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	68	Closed missions accounted for 43.63 per cent of the outstanding amount , significant portions of which were long outstanding . The Administration had continued its policy of not making a provision for delays in the collection of outstanding assessed contributions. The Board maintained its view that such a provision would ensure that the amount shown as accounts receivable would be more realistically stated and urged the Administration to keep the matter under review . In accordance with General Assembly resolutions 60/255 and 61/264 , the Administration had provided in the financial statements the sum of $ 389 million as a liability for after-service health insurance .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	103	To affirm its rejection of any attempt to politicize the principles of international justice and use them to diminish the sovereignty , unity , security , stability or national symbols of States . To request the Security Council to assume its responsibility for maintaining international peace and security , take great care in dealing with the situation in the Sudan in the forthcoming period and not to allow any party , operation or process the opportunity to undermine efforts to resolve the Darfur crisis by political means or to create a climate of instability in the country that would threaten future efforts to keep the peace in Darfur or in Southern Sudan . To request that priority should be given to bringing about and activating a political settlement ; call for a high-level international meeting to be held in order to move forward the political process in Darfur and devise a road map and time frame for its implementation ; and call upon the United Nations and the African Union to join the League of Arab States in taking practical measures towards the convening of such a meeting .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	72	The Millennium Development Goals enable us to better understand what needs to be done , while confronting us with the challenge of designing a strategy and obtaining sufficient resources to make their achievement possible . The Dominican Republic has created a Presidential Commission on the Millennium Development Goals to continuously monitor progress in the achievement of those objectives and to provide support to various ministries and Government departments with a view to keeping the focus on the implementation of the commitments entered into at the Millennium Summit . The Presidential Commission also aims to maintain a dialogue and ensure an exchange of information with civil society entities , since we believe that only by redoubling our efforts , encouraging synergies and harnessing the goodwill of the public and private sectors , will we be able to achieve the Goals .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	10	Delete reference to “ as appropriate ” in paragraph 3 Keep in reference in paragraph 3 ( c ) to “ a national plan and budget , including timeframes to carry out these activities ” Honduras : Proposal on article 4 :
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	22	Indeed , the Declaration of Commitment has given all of us ideas that have helped to focus our efforts . We must keep pressing forward to achieve the Declaration 's targets . I urge the General Assembly to adopt a resolution reaffirming the need for all nations to reach the goals outlined in the Declaration , starting with the targets for the year 2003 .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	46	Additionally , many donor countries set their aid targets as a percentage of gross domestic product ( GDP ) ; as GDP falls , aid may follow suit . It is therefore important for the international community to hold itself accountable to its aid commitments to keep the Millennium Development Goals alive and prevent developing countries from losing the progress they have gained thus far , especially since ODA has been increasingly used for health , education and other social purposes . The shortage of affordable financing will also have major repercussions for infrastructure spending , which is critical for longer-term sustainable development .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	43	There is , however , one exception to this principle , which arises where the secured creditor that takes security in a component part is an acquisition financier ( see chapter XI on acquisition financing ) . In these cases , and in keeping with the general treatment of acquisition financiers , States usually give the acquisition security right priority over all security rights in the mass or product that extend to future assets . To maintain a consistent regime promoting the availability of credit for the acquisition of tangible assets , the Guide also recommends adoption of this principle ( see recommendation 89 ) .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	38	As Governments and NGOs meet for the Commission for Social Development this year , we would like to call attention to the issues of concern to the family , the basic unit of society . This is in keeping with General Assembly resolution 52/81 of 12 December 1997 , which affirmed that “ follow-up to the International Year of the Family should be an integral part of the multi-year programme of the work of the Commission for Social Development ” . Mainstreaming of family issues in all discussions for social development remains vital .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	60	In the course of the search , one of the officials fired a gunshot . Two more persons then entered the house through the front door ; one typed up a statement and forced the only adult male ( Alvaro Rojas ) in the family to sign it ; he did not allow him to read it , or to keep a copy . When Alvaro Rojas asked whether it was necessary to act with such brutality , he was told to talk to the Public Prosecutor , Carlos Fernando Mendoza .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	37	Listening to the request for a stability force , I am struck , really , by the question : to stabilize what ? And if we have a peacekeeping force , what peace are we going to keep ? And that is not a question I ask lightly .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	15	Requests the Secretary-General to give all necessary assistance to the Special Rapporteur ; Decides to keep the situation of human rights in Afghanistan under consideration at its fifty-sixth session , in the light of additional elements provided by the Commission on Human Rights and the Economic and Social Council . 81st plenary meeting
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	41	In paragraph 11 ( a ) , the Board recommended that the Tribunal be provided with copies of all agreements in respect of voluntary contributions in order for it to comply with the requirements of donors . Also , it should keep a proper record of all such agreements and monitor compliance with donor requirements . Agreements and a memorandum of understanding have been concluded by Headquarters with respect to voluntary contributions , with the exception of those solicited directly by the Tribunal .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	58	Paragraphs 35 to 46 of the seventh report on diplomatic protection Whatever the opinion may be concerning the said award , on which the United States of America has relied in its position that nationality must continue until the date of resolution of the international claim for diplomatic protection , Kuwait views that position as appropriate and in keeping with legal and practical criteria and sees the wisdom of diplomatic protection itself . Indeed , it is neither acceptable nor reasonable for a State to continue to shower its diplomatic protection on someone who has lost the nationality whereby he belonged to it , not to mention the fact that diplomatic protection , as we have stated , rests on two considerations , namely the right of the State and the right of the person offended against by the internationally wrongful act .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	16	Leave module on the Human Resources Management and Payroll System During the review of the record keeping with respect to leave balances , the Board noted that each office used individualized systems for capturing such balances . They were either manual , computerized or a hybrid .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	49	Bhutan can not accept a blanket reference to all the people in the camps as being “ refugees ” from Bhutan . The Royal Government stands fully committed to the bilateral talks to finding a durable solution to the problem of people in the refugee camps in Nepal in keeping with the agreements reached with the Government of Nepal . Following the elections in Bhutan in March 2008 and with the formation of a new democratically elected government , the Royal Government has indicated its willingness to resume bilateral talks with Nepal .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	36	The brevity of our draft resolution is in conformity with the Assembly 's decision to streamline all draft resolutions . Although the draft is self-explanatory , we will soon hold informal consultations on it , in keeping with customary practice . The Philippines introduced a draft resolution last year on the same subject .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	56	The commitment undertaken to strengthen the consistency of international monetary , financial and trade systems and to increase their openness and enhance their rules and regulations so as to allow the developing countries to reap greater benefits remains to be implemented . That is but one of the aspects of the promises that have not been kept — in addition to those mentioned by the Secretary-General in his report entitled “ In larger freedom ” . The developing countries have not taken sufficient ownership of their own development , whereas the developed countries are far from having honoured the commitments they made , in particular with regard to official development assistance ( ODA ) .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	31	Implementation of the commitments made would permit achievement of the goals . Therefore , the countries of the South ask the countries of the North to commit themselves not only to keep their promises to make a genuine contribution to reducing poverty by 50 per cent by 2015 , but finally to eradicate it . As the Assembly is well aware , the support of the rich industrialized countries will enable us to consolidate the efforts that the countries of the South continue to make , efforts which have allowed us to improve macroeconomic management by tackling inflation and consolidating a balanced budget .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	28	The register is however maintained by the Directorate of Maritime Affairs , Ministry of Works Transport and Communications ( MWTC ) . The register is well maintained and kept fully up to date in regard to details concerning vessel specifications and ownership . Measures will be taken to ensure effective communication between MFMR Ministry and MWTC so that both parties are kept abreast of , for example , IUU vessel lists maintained by , for example , RFMOs and FAO , thus ensuring that no vessel with an IUU history is able to gain Namibian registration .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	37	( a ) Other substantive activities : printing of philatelic materials . Issuance of United Nations postage stamps and postal stationery , including the subject , design and quantity to be printed ; security and archival safe keeping of postal stocks ; liaison with the postal authorities of the United States of America , Switzerland , Austria and other countries regarding postal and philatelic regulations and procedures ; and liaison with the Universal Postal Union regarding philatelic and postal regulations and procedures ; and participation in the activities of the World Association for the Development of Philately ; ( b ) Administrative support services : marketing .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	15	We can not agree to any temporary borders . We want a lasting settlement in keeping with the Arab initiative put forward by Prince Abdullah of Saudi Arabia — an initiative that is in keeping with relevant Security Council resolutions and with the principles of the peace process . We appreciate the role that the Quartet is playing in the peace process .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	42	The Commission had also finalized all studies related to its activities. As a result , the last staff of the Commission had completed their assignments with MINURSO on 31 December 2003 . However , the authorized posts for the Commission had been kept in the proposed budget for the financial year 2004-2005 , in order to expedite the recruitment of expertise for MINURSO should the need arise . As to military matters , during the period covered by this report , the Secretary-General informed the Security Council that the Frente POLISARIO had continued to impose some limitations on the freedom of movement of MINURSO in areas of the Territory east of the berm .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	10	Certificates - 1999 : Certificate on the Operations of Peace Keeping ( Legal Aspects of Peace Operations ) delivered by the United States Defense Institute of International Legal Studies - 1999 : Certificate on the “ Struggle against Drugs and Drug Addictions ” delivered by International Policy Department Cooperation ( France Embassy )
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	57	China asked for the deletion of “ on remedies ” in the first line and the replacement of “ effective remedies ” with “ effective measures to implement the recommendations of the Committee ” in the last line . With regard to paragraph 2 , several delegations preferred its retention , if article 14 were to be kept in the protocol , to underline the voluntary nature of the fund . Bangladesh and Egypt noted that , while the fund would be voluntary , the protocol should not mention this explicitly .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	46	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of programmes of assistance to the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations resolutions and decisions relating to decolonization , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly ,
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	57	While the Chairman very carefully avoided the concept of a package throughout the negotiations , a number of delegations — including that of the United Kingdom , on behalf of the European Union — made explicit reference to it at every stage . I am just trying to think about how to provide for that concept and keep all of the various elements . I wonder whether it might be best to simply refer to the decision we reached on 20 July , when we started talking about a package and agreed to present it all as a package .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	47	The Commission should therefore give serious consideration to the inclusion of the topic in its long-term work programme in order that it might focus on an area with practical implications whenever States concluded and applied treaties affecting their economic affairs . Its inclusion would also be in keeping with the Commission 's own traditions in the codification and progressive development of international law , where it combined and adapted the practice and learning of the past with current needs , thereby contributing to the building of a responsive and coherent legal order . The Commission had demonstrated a welcome flexibility in its treatment of the topic of international liability in respect of transboundary harm arising out of hazardous activities , in that it had proposed that the principles it had drafted on the allocation of loss in the event of such harm should be adopted in a General Assembly resolution recommending that States should pursue national and international action to implement those principles .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	30	Not even the highest officials , including heads of State or Government , can count on impunity for their deeds . The international community will react — and , in keeping with the principles of the rule of law , will react through legal means : criminal proceedings that bring perpetrators to justice swiftly and effectively and strictly in accordance with all international standards . This Court proves that that is possible .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	71	With those two time limits in mind , the Open-ended Working Group must now begin its work so that it can submit its report to the General Assembly on or before the first day of February 2009 , so that the informal plenary of the General Assembly can start intergovernmental negotiations not later than 28 February 2009 . Collective political will and utmost cooperation in good faith must be mustered to keep to the timetable . Yesterday , the Open-ended Working Group held its second meeting .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	44	In the broad context of human rights issues , the proposed amendment contained in document A/C.3/62/L.70 did not adequately reflect the restrictions placed on State action by the Charter of the United Nations and international law . Moreover , the wording was not in keeping with the type of language usually used in Third Committee draft resolutions . All Member States were bound by the letter and spirit of the Charter ; selective quotations from it would not change that fact .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	54	It is of no importance that the apparent objective of this deliberate physical destruction concerns the security of the region . As long as there is clear evidence that thousands of civilians are dying because of the sanctions and that hundreds of thousands will die in the future because the Security Council continues to keep the sanctions in place , fatalities can no longer be regarded as an unintended collateral effect and the Security Council is responsible for all the known consequences of its actions . The bodies that impose the sanctions can not be absolved of the intention to destroy the Iraqi people .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	49	To date , such reporting has sometimes been sporadic and the information provided incomplete and inconsistent . Efforts must be made to ensure regular and comprehensive reporting in standardized formats. Such reporting will contribute to more effective quality control of electoral assistance projects and enhanced post-project evaluation and record keeping . Owing to the strategic importance of the partnership between the Secretariat of the United Nations and the resident coordinator system maintained by UNDP , considerable progress has been made in ensuring coordination at an early stage of activities by both organizations .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	55	Welcomes , in this regard , the accession by New Caledonia to the status of observer in the Pacific Islands Forum , continuing high-level visits to New Caledonia by delegations from countries of the Pacific region and high-level visits by delegations from New Caledonia to countries members of the Pacific Islands Forum ; Decides to keep under continuous review the process unfolding in New Caledonia as a result of the signing of the Nouméa Accord ; Requests the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples to continue to examine the question of the Non-Self-Governing Territory of New Caledonia and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	108	Requests the Secretary-General to continue to include the Fund , on an annual basis , among the programmes for which funds are pledged at the United Nations Pledging Conference for Development Activities and to transmit to all Governments the appeals of the Commission for contributions for the Fund ; Calls upon the Board of Trustees of the Fund to report to the Commission at its fifty-ninth session and present an updated assessment of the global need for international funding of rehabilitation services for victims of torture and in particular of lessons and best practices learned from the Fund 's activities , and requests the Secretary-General to continue to keep the Commission informed of the operations of the Fund on an annual basis ; Requests the Secretary-General to ensure , within the overall budgetary framework of the United Nations , the provision of an adequate and stable level of staffing , as well as the necessary technical facilities , for the United Nations bodies and mechanisms dealing with torture , in order to ensure their effective performance ;
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	47	The inclusion of those three elements brought the text closer to universal acceptance and was testimony to the willingness of the sponsors to take on board the concerns of all interested delegations . In order to maintain the broad compromise , all three elements should therefore be kept in the text . The meaning and the specific implications of the language proposed in paragraph 1 of document A/C.3/63/L.75 referring to “ peoples ” was unclear .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	72	From that perspective , a greater role should be given to the Economic and Social Council , which is directly concerned by several aspects and has gained some experience in that area through its Ad Hoc Advisory Group on African countries emerging from conflict . Finally , I should like to emphasize that the increased importance given by the international community to civilian aspects of conflict management and peace-building is fully in keeping with the priorities defined by Africa in the framework of the New Partnership for Africa 's Development — particularly the strengthening of reliable institutions and governance to ensure successful economic development . I should also like to reiterate our conviction that support from the international community in that area before conflict erupts would be far less costly and have greater chances for success .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	20	Expresses its support for the declarations of the Ministerial meetings of the Peace Implementation Conference ; Reaffirms its intention to keep implementation of the Peace Agreement and the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina under close review , taking into account the reports submitted pursuant to paragraphs 18 and 21 below , and any recommendations those reports might include , and its readiness to consider the imposition of measures if any party fails significantly to meet its obligations under the Peace Agreement ; Recalls the support of the authorities of Bosnia and Herzegovina for EUFOR and the continued NATO presence and their confirmation that both are the legal successors to SFOR for the fulfilment of their missions for the purposes of the Peace Agreement , its Annexes and Appendices and relevant United Nations Security Council resolutions and can take such actions as are required , including the use of force , to ensure compliance with Annexes 1-A and 2 of the Peace Agreement and relevant United Nations Security Council resolutions ;
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	21	Table 6 provides figures for project personnel contracts for 1998 and 1999 , by nationality . The secretariat will continue to keep the Working Party regularly informed of developments in this matter . A oneday retreat on UNCTADs technical cooperation , with the participation of officials from donors and recipient countries and the secretariat , was held on 14 January 2000 in Chavannes-de-Bogis with the assistance of resources provided by Switzerland .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	30	I did not get a positive response , but I will continue to insist on this . The ELN is holding seven foreign citizens whom it should release , in keeping with its promise to cease its crimes during the current electoral process . Since the last Government , we have also sought a peace process with the illegal paramilitary groups , with the mediation of the Catholic Church .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	23	At the fourth session of the Working Group , arguments were made for and against merging articles 13 and 14 . I suggest keeping the two provisions separate as I believe that substantively they address different subjects . Paragraph 1 : the amendments reflect proposals to ( a ) clarify that States parties should consent to the transmittal of any information concerning a need for international assistance ; ( b ) clarify that such information could also be sent to other State parties ; and ( c ) add “ financial ” before the word “ assistance ” .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	122	At the close of its review of the individual provisions contained in paragraph ( 7 ) , the Working Group reverted to the general debate as to whether a revised version of article 17 should seek to establish a legal regime for interim measures issued ex parte by an arbitral tribunal and , if so , what form might be given to such a legal regime . The view was reiterated that , in the absence of a consensus to recognize such ex parte interim measures through model provisions that were described by some delegations as potentially damaging to the Model Law and to commercial arbitration in general , the option not to deal with ex parte measures at all should be kept open . As an additional reason for refusing to recognize ex parte measures in commercial arbitration , it was stated that a regime along the lines of paragraph ( 7 ) might be particularly difficult to apply for non-lawyers ( also described as “ lay arbitrators ” ) .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	63	Select agents are identified at 42 C.F.R. § 73.4 ( HHS select agents and toxins ) and 42 C.F.R. § 73.5 ( Overlap select agents and toxins ) . The Select Agent regulations include requirements concerning registration of persons possessing select agents and toxins , safety , security plans , and emergency response plans , training , transfers of select agents , record keeping , inspections , and notifications of theft , loss , or release . Under the authority of the Agricultural Bioterrorism Protection Act of 2002 , the Secretary of Agriculture published parallel Select Agent regulations in 7 C.F.R. Part 331 and 9 C.F.R. Part 121 .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	33	There are a few more specific points that I should like to underscore . First , it must be reiterated that there can be no peacekeeping operation when there is no peace to keep . That is to say , peacekeeping must be built upon a peace agreement that is credible , not the other way around .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	49	Usually , States provide that the creditor that acquires the asset in satisfaction may keep it , even where the value of the asset exceeds the amount of the secured obligation still owed . This means that , unlike the case of a sale , the secured creditor may keep a surplus . Concomitantly , many of these States provide that the secured creditor that acquires the asset in satisfaction of the obligation has no recourse for a deficiency against the grantor .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	19	The guard stood in the shadow of the stockade wall just out of reach of the moonlight . Mike kept walking and got within arm 's reach before the man became suspicious and straightened from his lax slouch . Mike struck with the muzzle of the pistol .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	51	It was also suggested that an annual small arms registry could be developed that could include data on end users , authorized manufacturers , traders , brokers and prosecuted individuals . Among the recommendations on marking , it was suggested that OSCE could agree on common standards for marking , record keeping and tracing of military and State-transferred small arms ; OSCE could also agree to support efforts in other forums , including the United Nations , to agree on a common system on weapons marking and tracing . On strengthening exportation criteria , it was recommended , that OSCE should agree and adopt joint standards for the security and destruction of small arms held by the public sector , and that participating States could institute a “ security deposit ” system for weapons purchases that would be returned when verification showed that the weapons had been delivered to the designated end user .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	40	Several countries reported to be still working on operating guidelines or administrative instructions , defining the ownership of the identifiers and responsibilities for their distribution , use , storage and maintenance . In the meantime , the identifiers delivered are kept partly with the NOU and partly in central customs warehouses . They are used for training purposes but are not , or are rarely , made available for actual controls at customs check points .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	48	The Romanian seller refused to deliver the reduced quantity of wood , insisting on the original conditions on the contract , and sold all the wood to another client at a reduced price . When asked to return the advance payment to the Swiss buyer , the seller kept it to offset the damages arising from the sale at a reduced price . The buyer sued the Austrian middleman to recover the advance payment .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	74	Furthermore , the Assembly would decide that the Ad Hoc Committee , established pursuant to resolution 51/210 of 17 December 1996 , would continue to elaborate a draft comprehensive convention on international terrorism , as a matter of urgency , and would continue its efforts to resolve the outstanding issues relating to the elaboration of a draft international convention for the suppression of acts of nuclear terrorism . The Ad Hoc Committee would also keep on its agenda the question of convening a high-level conference , under the auspices of the United Nations , to formulate a joint organized response of the international community to terrorism in all its forms and manifestations . The Assembly would further decide that the Ad Hoc Committee will meet from 28 June to 2 July 2004 and would continue their work , if necessary , during the fifty-ninth session of the General Assembly , within the framework of a working group of the Sixth Committee .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	109	In the 30 years since the Special Committee had adopted its first resolution on Puerto Rico , it had adopted some 20 resolutions and decisions on the colonial status of that territory ; nonetheless , in 2001 , as attested by the Rapporteur of the Special Committee in document A/AC.109/2001/L.3 , the United States Government had indicated to the Rapporteur that since the Declaration regarding Non-Self-Governing Territories was not applicable to Puerto Rico , the Special Committee should focus its attention on the 18 Territories remaining on the list of Non-Self-Governing Territories . For 30 years that position had consistently been rejected by the Special Committee , which had kept the question of Puerto Rico on its agenda . Logic should indicate to both the United States Government and the United Nations that the issue should be resolved in a more authoritative forum , such as the International Court of Justice , from which the General Assembly should request an advisory opinion .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	52	We also wish to commend the various humanitarian agencies , particularly the World Food Programme , for their efforts to bring relief to the people of Angola . Finally , as Jamaica prepares to leave the Security Council , we wish to encourage the international community and the parties in Angola to keep hope alive in the peace process in Angola . It is time for the parties involved to rise above narrow self-interest and seek to promote what is good for the future development of the country and the people as a whole .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	60	The other co-sponsor , the representative of Belarus , stated that the revised working paper would assist the Security Council in carrying out its primary responsibility for the maintenance of international peace and security . Both co-sponsors , while not insisting on the discussion on the revised proposal at the current session of the Committee , reiterated the need to keep the proposal on the agenda of the Committee . At the 2nd and 3rd meetings of the Working Group , on 3 and 4 April 2006 , some delegations supported the revised proposal and the speedy finalization of its consideration by the Committee .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	94	Netherlands noted that CAT requested the State to publicly condemn hate crimes and other violent acts of racial discrimination , xenophobia and related violence and work to eradicate incitement and any role public officials or law enforcement personnel might have in such violence . Netherlands recommended that Ukraine take further efficient measures to ensure that law enforcement officials , prosecutors and judges involved in enforcing the law relating to hate crimes and other violent acts of racial discrimination and xenophobia fully understand the nature of such crimes and that statistics on racist incidents are kept centrally and are publicized . It referred to concerns expressed by CAT , the Committee on the Rights of the Child and the Human Rights Committee about allegations of torture and ill-treatment and noted that the Council of Europe and others are ready to assist Ukraine to improve the situation .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	46	In addition , it was suggested that paragraph 4 ( a ) might explicitly require the socio-economic factors to be applied in an objective and transparent manner , with the guide explaining how such transparency and objectivity could be achieved in practice . The importance of keeping a comprehensive record was highlighted in this respect . It was suggested that : subparagraph ( a ) should start with the phrase “ in establishing non-price criteria ” ; subparagraph ( b ) should start with the phrase “ in establishing price criteria ” ; and subparagraph ( c ) should be deleted .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	38	In this regard , the Committee was informed by UNDOF that the number of static positions has been reduced from 30 to 21 , while mobile operations have increased . The Advisory Committee encourages UNDOF to continue to keep the mode of operation of the Force under review . Proposed budget for the period from 1 July 2007 to 30 June 2008
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	55	Welcomes , in this regard , the accession by New Caledonia to the status of observer in the South Pacific Forum , continuing high-level visits to New Caledonia by delegations from countries of the Pacific region and high-level visits by delegations from New Caledonia to countries members of the South Pacific Forum ; Decides to keep under continuous review the process unfolding in New Caledonia as a result of the signing of the Nouméa Accord ; Requests the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples to continue to examine the question and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-sixth session .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	68	As the delivery of public services tends to be highly labour-intensive , a qualified , skilled and motivated public sector staff is the foundation upon which a solidly performing public sector is based . Quality services are more likely to be delivered by quality staff ; therefore , it is critical to advance policies within the public sector that strive to attract and retain excellent staff , and keep them well trained and motivated to carry out their duties at a consistently high standard that will satisfy the public at large . Thus , improving human resources within the public sector should be geared towards reorienting the organizational culture to make it more service- and performance-oriented , so as to foster an environment of excellence and professionalism .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	69	President Al-Bashir and representatives of the Sudanese Armed Forces on the Ceasefire Joint Military Committee stated that , by contrast , the Sudanese Armed Forces redeployment out of southern Sudan was ahead of schedule . While there had been considerable withdrawals of Sudanese Armed Forces personnel and equipment in recent weeks , SPLM disputed the total percentage because UNMIS , owing to its own delayed deployment , did not keep records in the early months of implementation . Despite those differences , the parties appeared to be working well together towards resolving the redeployment issue , as the mission was able to witness during a Ceasefire Joint Military Committee meeting in Juba .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	64	The disarmament , demobilization and reintegration ( DDR ) process will be difficult , given the very specific complications of the situation in Afghanistan . We will face a situation in which people are unwilling to give up their weapons voluntarily , not necessarily because they are part of an armed group , but because the situation is insecure and people might want to keep weapons merely to protect their families . From the briefings of Mr. Nishimura and of Mr. Braun , it seems clear that there is a desire to coordinate the disarmament process and to enhance the security situation in the country .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	36	He was not a rear-looking conservative , yet partisans of that persuasion will miss him as much as any . Two of the vital qualities demanded of a politician by other politicians are that he always keep a confidence and that he keep his word . Sam Rayburn took unnumbered secrets with him to the grave , for he was never loquacious , and his word , once given , was not subject to retraction .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	39	Let us now institutionalize some of these innovations and continue to be creative in our thinking as concerns field deployment . We need the right people at the right time , and we need to have the machinery to keep the good ones and let those who do not perform go . Above all , we need the time and the resources to plan ahead .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	43	The benefits of higher oil prices spilled over to the more diversified economies in the form of workers ' remittances , tourism revenue , and investment . Economic reform and liberalization policies were pursued by the Governments of most ESCWA member countries to keep pace with the globalization process . These included policies designed to boost private sector participation in the economy and attract FDI .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	20	The United Kingdom supports extending the terms of judges until 2008 . Continuity of the judges is clearly central to keeping the completion strategy on target . We stress , however , that this does not set a precedent , and that any future requests of this kind by either Tribunal would need to be considered on their own merits .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	18	This form is also sometimes referred to as a “ manifest ” . The generator or exporter must keep a copy of the movement document and give copies to the transporter . Each person who takes charge of the waste must sign the movement document upon delivery or receipt of the waste .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	32	That does not necessarily exclude explosive-related offences from the ambit of the Convention , however . While the technical provisions of the Protocol , such as the requirements to mark firearms and keep records of transnational transfers , do not apply , the Convention itself applies to any offence which is a “ serious crime ” , is “ transnational in nature ” , and involves an “ organized criminal group ” ( article 3 ) : “ Serious crime ” is defined as “ conduct constituting an offence punishable by a maximum deprivation of liberty of at least four years or a more serious penalty ” ( article 2 , para . ( b ) ) , a standard likely to be met in most countries in cases where explosive devices are planted or detonated , and possibly in other cases , such as theft or diversion , as well .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	61	We very much look forward to receiving the Secretary-General 's report next month , outlining the proposed arrangements for the successor mission to UNTAET . We , and I am sure other members of the Council , will be looking at it very carefully — but also very sympathetically and with an eye to making sure that the United Nations can keep up the excellent record it has already begun with UNTAET . The President ( spoke in French ) : I welcome the presence of the Secretary-General among us .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	50	Similarly , the need for flexibility to be expressed in the Summary and recommendations section was noted . The view was stated that while it was possible for the same criteria to be applied to applications for liquidation and reorganization , the criteria for reorganization should be broader , in keeping with the principle underlying the draft Guide of encouraging bona fide early commencement and reorganization before the debtor becomes overburdened with debt. ( see Summary and recommendations paras . ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) ) . Consistent with that approach it was further noted that a flexible time in which a court must make a decision on an involuntary application was preferable , and that specifying a particular number of days for a judicial response might raise constitutional issues in certain jurisdictions ( see Summary and recommendations para .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	38	I would like to repeat that our hope is based on the conviction that peace is the only option available in the Middle East . I would also like to reassert that Israel 's behaviour should be in keeping with the objective at hand , namely , peace . We hope Israel will realize both the importance and the necessity of modifying its behaviour and working methods in the region so as to convince the other parties in the region of its seriousness and its true desire for peace .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	83	Bearing in mind the recent developments and initiatives at the international , regional and subregional levels to prevent and suppress international terrorism , including those identified in the annex to the present resolution , Recalling its decision in resolutions 54/110 of 9 December 1999 , 55/158 of 12 December 2000 , 56/88 of 12 December 2001 , 57/27 of 19 November 2002 and 58/81 that the Ad Hoc Committee established by General Assembly resolution 51/210 of 17 December 1996 should address , and keep on its agenda , the question of convening a high-level conference under the auspices of the United Nations to formulate a joint organized response of the international community to terrorism in all its forms and manifestations , Aware of its resolutions 57/219 of 18 December 2002 and 58/187 of 22 December 2003 ,
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	34	As part of its review , the Board may wish to examine how missions analyse different medical evacuation scenarios . The Advisory Committee once again requests that all missions using executive jets continue to keep under review the need and cost-effectiveness of using such aircraft , as outlined in its general report on peacekeeping operations of 6 April 2004 ( see A/58/759 , para . The Committee also supports the Board 's recommendation that MONUC and UNMEE document a cost-benefit analysis to contribute to the justification of the need for executive jets in their reassessment of aircraft fleet requirements ( A/59/5 , vol. II , chap. II , para .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	105	In its preventive action , the United Nations is called upon strictly to apply the purposes and principles of the United Nations Charter , in particular those relating to political independence , sovereignty , non-interference in the internal affairs of States , territorial integrity and the peaceful settlement of disputes , as provided for in Chapter VI of the Charter , in accordance with the principles of justice and international law . In this context , we are pleased that the Secretary-General has clearly stressed the importance of this principle by stating that the efforts of the United Nations in conflict prevention should be in keeping with the purposes and principles of the Charter . Secondly , we support the Secretary-General 's efforts to ensure that the United Nations moves from a culture of reaction to a culture of prevention .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	30	None of these good resolutions can become reality for our farmers unless the support promised to them actually reaches them . Particularly in Central Africa , if these promises are kept they will speed up the putting into place of regional focal points for development that will help to reduce the shortfalls in agricultural activity and the disparities between rural and urban areas . Food security has become a matter of concern for the world .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	55	However , the contrary view was expressed : that it was more convenient from a drafting perspective to have a general provision like proposed article 88 ( 2 ) than to proceed with an article-by-article examination of the shipper 's obligations . The suggestion was made that proposed article 88 ( 2 ) should be kept in the text in square brackets until the Working Group had examined the obligations of the shipper in chapter 7 and had decided whether it was more convenient to deal with the mandatory obligations of the shipper in an article-by-article approach or by means of a general provision . Conclusions reached by the Working Group on proposed article 88 ( 2 )
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	42	All assemblies and parts are accounted for on the stripping certificate , which is signed and approved by the corresponding officials . In addition , representatives of the aforementioned organizations verify that the stripping is correctly carried out , monitor the safe keeping of the weapon assemblies and parts and supervise the state of record keeping and accounting with respect to them . Equipment and instruments making it possible to carry out the detailed disassembly of types of small arms and light weapons are used in the stripping process .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	36	Ms. Bergh ( Sweden ) said that gender equality plans were mandatory in both public and private sector employment . Employers who failed to prepare an annual plan of action or whose plan was not in keeping with the intent of the legislation could be summoned by the Equal Opportunities Ombudsman to appear before the Equal Opportunities Commission , which could order them to fulfil their obligation or pay a fine . A recent amendment had established that trade unions supported by the Ombudsman could also lodge complaints .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	66	The votes in favour had fallen short of the two-thirds majority required ; however , while disappointed with the outcome of the referendum , Tokelau 's political leadership remained committed to the objective of self-government and had held a series of meetings to consider the referendum results and decide on Tokelau 's future course of action . It had asked the Government of New Zealand to keep the current draft constitution and draft treaties on the table and New Zealand had agreed . Indeed , New Zealand considered this first referendum as one step towards self-determination .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	68	Penal policy requires that women inmates who are pregnant or have babies up to six months of age are managed in a sensitive manner that takes into account their particular risks and needs , while optimizing the well-beingwhile optimising the well-being of the baby . The general practice in regard to an inmate who is due to give birth while serving a sentence of imprisonment and wishes to keep the child is that mother and baby should not be separated unless there is no practicable alternative . There is specific provision under the Criminal Justice Act 1985 for the Minister of Corrections to grant the early release of an inmate who is serving a determinate sentence of imprisonment and who has given birth .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	25	The Panel was informed that SSS weapons have been involved in five accidental discharges in the past six months . One SSS rifle is currently kept under LNP custody as evidence in a shooting case that took place on 5 July 2006 . As of November 2007 , AFL weapons remain in the custody of the United States and its contractors , DynCorp and Pacific Architects and Engineers .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	33	• Member States to develop strict national transfer control systems in accordance with international commitments . • Stockpile management , i.e. the control and management in planning , acquisition , possession , record keeping , safe storage , maintenance , refurbishment , production and disposal of the small arms and light weapons in State and non-State possession . • A systematic tracking of all small arms and light weapons from manufacturer to purchaser should be established .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	20	Expresses its support for the declarations of the ministerial meetings of the Peace Implementation Council ; Reaffirms its intention to keep implementation of the Peace Agreement and the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina under close review , taking into account the reports submitted pursuant to paragraphs 18 and 21 below , and any recommendations those reports might include , and its readiness to consider the imposition of measures if any party fails significantly to meet its obligations under the Peace Agreement ; Recalls the support of the authorities of Bosnia and Herzegovina for the European Union Force and the continued North Atlantic Treaty Organization presence and their confirmation that both are the legal successors to the Stabilization Force for the fulfilment of their missions for the purposes of the Peace Agreement , its annexes and appendices and relevant Security Council resolutions and can take such actions as are required , including the use of force , to ensure compliance with annexes 1-A and 2 of the Peace Agreement and relevant Council resolutions ;
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	77	It was felt that including a provision such as draft paragraph 95 ( 4 ) was an important part of the overall compromise intended to provide sufficient protection for contracting parties under the volume contract framework ( A/CN.9/594 , para . As regards which provisions should be included in such a list , it was agreed that all of the references in the then draft paragraph 95 ( 4 ) as set out in A/CN.9/WG.III/WP.61 should be kept in the text ( A/CN.9/594 , para . The text that appeared in draft article 89 , therefore , was said to be the result of a carefully crafted compromise that had involved extensive negotiations over a number of sessions of the Working Group .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	148	( b ) Each of the successor states commit itself to remit the equitable portion of above amount in accordance with the proportions set forth in Article 5/2 Annex C to the Agreement on Succession Issues ( Vienna , 29 June 2001 ) and taking into consideration relevant dates for each successor state : that is , for Slovenia : 25 June 1991 ; Macedonia : 17 September 1991 ; Croatia : 8 October 1991 ; Bosnia and Herzegovina : 6 March 1992 ; Federal Republic of Yugoslavia ( Serbia and Montenegro ) : 27 April 1992 ; ( c ) The successor states request the Assembly to authorize Secretary-General to reverse and adjust accordingly in the books and records of the United Nations all the outstanding assessed contributions to the account of the former Yugoslavia ( SFRY ) to the Regular Budget and the Budget of Peace Keeping Operations , assessed after 27 April ; ( d ) The above resolution of the issue of unpaid assessed contributions of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia would represent the final solution of this issue , applicable only for the purposes of the unpaid assessed contributions of the former Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia to the United Nations , and without prejudice to any other related decisions and issues .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	50	( b ) Approves the donation of the assets of the Operation , with a total inventory value of 2 , 799 , 400 United States dollars and corresponding residual value of 1 , 726 , 300 dollars , to the Government of Burundi ; ( c ) Decides to keep under review during its sixty-first session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Operation in Burundi ” . International Law Commission
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	46	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of programmes of assistance to the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations resolutions and decisions relating to decolonization , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly ,
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	108	This will involve a wide range of protection and promotion activities , which will be carried out in keeping with international human rights law and other relevant international standards and in close cooperation and coordination with the parties , while complementing and building on the work carried out by the United Nations country team . In addition to the mainstreaming of human rights within the operation , the human rights component will carry out a wide range of monitoring , investigation , reporting , advocacy , protection , advisory and capacity- and institution-building activities , including support for the establishment of a national human rights commission , in keeping with the Paris Principles and as noted in the Darfur Peace Agreement . The component will also engage with the authorities , other parties to the Agreement and relevant United Nations and non-governmental organizations , with a view to identifying options for appropriate actions to stop , prevent and/or pre-empt violations of human rights and fundamental freedoms .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	51	While Member States must honour their financial commitments under the Charter , some of them , in particular developing countries , might temporarily be prevented by special circumstances from paying their assessed contributions in full and on time . Any measures to encourage the payment of arrears should therefore be in keeping with the provisions of General Assembly resolution 57/4 C. Furthermore , multi-year payment plans should remain a voluntary mechanism and should not be linked to the granting of exemptions under Article 19 of the Charter . Mr. Kozaki ( Japan ) said that the report on improving the financial situation of the United Nations tended to focus on whether or not Member States had paid their assessed contributions rather than addressing the abrupt and sharp increases in assessment rates .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	22	Brain ships were , of course , long past the experimental stages . Most babes survived the techniques of pituitary manipulation that kept their bodies small , eliminating the necessity of transfers from smaller to larger shells . And very , very few were lost when the final connection was made to the control panels of ship or industrial combine .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	31	Manufacturers must ensure record keeping for manufactured weapons ( required by both the law and the Government 's resolution ) . For this purpose , a journal of manufactured arms is kept and its data are reported quarterly to the institution supervising the manufacture of arms . The Weaponry Fund of the Republic of Lithuania supervises adherence to the established requirements in respect of the activities concerned .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	66	The Operation also endeavoured to ensure the smooth and seamless transition from the heavy support package and AMIS forces to UNAMID . As former AMIS troops were not fully self-sustained , the Operation also had to shift its focus to provide support to the incoming troops and the existing 31 former AMIS camps. This included the challenge of procuring all basic goods and services necessary to keep the camps and the non-standard equipment operational . UNAMID also facilitated movement of the equipment and assets required for the deployment of military and police personnel through the involvement of third-party logistics contractors hired under the UNMIS inland transportation contract .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	49	• Article 28 , paragraph 2 ( e ) : “ [ To ensure equal access by persons with disabilities to retirement benefits and programmes ] . ” This text is still completely enclosed in brackets . The Arab Group believes that removing these brackets would be more in keeping with the wording of this article . • The same applies to article 29 as to article 27 .
keep%2:31:00::	keep.v	28	Unfortunately , no statistics were available on prostitution , but it was known that it was available to the crews of the cruise ships . The Government was keeping a watchful eye on that activity , with some progress having been achieved in policing it . The previous policing regime had been woefully inadequate for years , and a fresh attitude was being taken to the situation .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	36	Introduction The present report is submitted pursuant to the request of the Security Council contained in the presidential statement dated 26 September 2001 ( S/PRST/2001/25 ) , in which the Council requested me to continue to keep it regularly informed of the situation in the Central African Republic and of the activities of the United Nations Peacebuilding Support Office in the Central African Republic ( BONUCA ) . The report covers the period from July to December 2007 and describes the situation in its political , security , socio-economic , humanitarian and human rights aspects .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-fifth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Mission in Sierra Leone ” . A/55/805 and Corr.1 .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	81	The Chairman , supported by Mr. Dewast ( Observer for the European Lawyers Union ) , said he wondered whether anything was to be gained by adding that phrase , since the concessionaire would not agree to any restrictions that it deemed inappropriate . Mr. Font ( France ) , expressing agreement with the Chairman 's remarks , said that his delegation could accept the amendment to the model provision proposed by the representative of Brazil , but would prefer to keep the existing version . Mr. Jacobson ( United States of America ) withdrew his delegation 's proposed amendment .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	23	Try pegging down each separate branch to the earth , using a bobby pin to hold it there . Pick the flowers , keep the soil dampened , and each of the pegged-down branches will take root and become a little plant and go on blooming for the rest of the season . As soon as an experimental tug assures you that roots have taken over , cut it off from the mother plant .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	21	In witness where of the undersigned , being duly authorized thereto , have signed this Agreement . Each Contracting Party shall keep an original copy of this Agreement in its own language ( s ) and the English version . In case of interpretation or dispute , the English text shall prevail .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	64	South America to be a zone of peace and cooperation , a historical event that reflects the best traditions of understanding and peaceful coexistence among the peoples of the region , That , in the spirit of the above-mentioned instruments , in South America the use of , or the threat of the use of , force between States shall be banned , in keeping with the principles and the provisions of the United Nations Charter and of the Charter of the Organization of American States . The siting , development , manufacture , possession , deployment , testing , and use of any type of mass-destruction weapon , including nuclear , chemical , biological and toxic weapons , shall also be banned , as well as their transport through the countries of the region , in accordance with the Treaty of Tlatelolco and other international conventions on this matter .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	46	As a student , I participated in a training programme here at United Nations Headquarters , and I enjoyed it greatly . I am even one of the 200 trainees who had a photograph taken with Secretary-General Kofi Annan , and I value that photograph and keep it with great respect . In fact , I even addressed the Security Council once before , but that was in another place and at another time .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	65	To reverse that trend , a sharp increase in international assistance is needed , especially with regard to empowering the new Afghan army , which still numbers only about 4 , 000 to 5 , 000 troops stationed mostly around Kabul — far short of the 70 , 000 or more projected . Consequently , the dependence of the central Government on local commanders to keep order has thus far come at the expense of central authority and lies at the root of a number of problems . The Afghan people and their neighbours — who incurred enormous losses for more than two decades as a result of lawlessness and instability in Afghanistan — expect the international community not to shrink from its commitments to the Afghans .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	42	Noting that it had not since then had the opportunity to examine the provision , the Working Group engaged in an exchange of views on the need for , and desirability of , retaining paragraph ( 5 ) . In support of keeping the provision , it was said that paragraph ( 5 ) reflected a common practice , in particular for transactions involving governmental agencies in some countries , which was aimed at facilitating and supporting standardization of technical requirements . A provision such as paragraph ( 5 ) was also important for controlling risks and the potential cost involved in having to test the reliability of unknown certification methods or the trustworthiness of suppliers of certification services that did not belong to a recognized class of certification authorities .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	43	In addition , during the three months preceding birth the women concerned may not perform any work requiring considerable physical effort . If during the maternity rest period the mother becomes unable to return to work she shall be entitled to leave while keeping her job and the rights acquired under the employment contract . With effect from notification of the pregnancy dismissal or notice of dismissal is prohibited .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	60	He imagined they were the kind whose tax returns were never examined ( if they were , they were never penalized ) , whose children had no unhappy romances , whose names never knew scandal . The equation was simple : wealth brought them happiness , and their united front to the world was their warning that they meant to keep everything they had , let no one in on the secrets . By comparison , Fritzie and Laura Andrus were quivering fledglings .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	39	Also requests the Secretary-General to submit to the Council , when it considers the themes for its high-level and coordination segments , information about the functional commissions ' multi-year work programmes ; Encourages the functional commissions to continue to keep their working methods under review ; Urges its functional commissions to further develop opportunities for sharing national experience during annual sessions , in particular with regard to the implementation of conference outcomes , and to allocate an appropriate amount of time for that purpose at their annual sessions ;
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	51	Another puzzling and more serious problem for the new Government of Somalia is the United Nations arms embargo on Somalia . The embargo directly undermines the Government 's genuine efforts to form a national security force — to which it has an inherent right in order to protect the public and keep the peace by enforcing law and order throughout Somalia . In addition , it discourages friendly countries that are willing to offer help to Somalia from doing so , especially in the areas of security and the rule of law .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	37	( a ) Other substantive activities : printing of philatelic materials . Issuance of United Nations postage stamps and postal stationery , including the subject , design and quantity to be printed ; security and archival safe keeping of postal stocks ; liaison with the postal authorities of the United States of America , Switzerland , Austria and other countries regarding postal and philatelic regulations and procedures ; liaison with the Universal Postal Union regarding philatelic and postal regulations and procedures ; and participation in activities of the World Association for the Development of Philately ; ( b ) Administrative support services : marketing .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	43	Moreover , nearly five decades of cold war — sustained by a nuclear balance of terror that could have annihilated us all instantly — have passed . Some observers have lamented that fact , claiming that bipolarity was stable , predictable and helped keep the peace . But that was hardly true in the developing world : there the cold war was a period of frequent armed conflict fuelled by both sides in the bipolar world .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	96	Coming back specifically to the need to see Iraq without the proscribed weapons — biological , chemical or nuclear — my country is in favour of an immediate and unconditional resumption of inspections for the disarmament of Iraq by the United Nations Monitoring , Verification and Inspection Commission ( UNMOVIC ) and the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) . The Iraqi position , as found in a letter addressed to the Secretary-General dated 16 September 2002 , indicates considerable progress ; it is a large step in the right direction by Iraq , in keeping with what is demanded of it by the Council . It is the interest of all that the inspections be carried out in strict respect of the relevant Security Council resolutions , especially resolutions 1284 ( 1999 ) and 687 ( 1991 ) .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	51	But if the goods are critical to the success of the buyer 's reorganization , only the first option ( performance of the contract as agreed ) would in practice be available to the insolvency administrator . The need for the insolvency administrator to perform the contract as agreed ( and keep , for example , useful equipment , although its value is less than their price ) will usually result in other assets of the insolvency estate being used to satisfy that performance rather than being used to fund other aspects of the reorganization of the grantor . In such a case , the diversion of other assets of the insolvency estate to enable the insolvency administrator to perform the contract may be especially of concern where the value of the goods is less than the amount of the price to be paid .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	54	There will be a meeting of the Coordinating Bureau of the Non-aligned Movement on Tuesday , 22 October 2002 , from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber . Open-ended informal meeting on the joint initiative of France and Switzerland in the area on tracing , marking and record keeping of illicit small arms and light weapons There will be an open-ended informal meeting , organized by the delegations of France and Switzerland , on the development of their joint initiative in the area of tracing , marking and record keeping of illicit small arms and light weapons .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	28	The Board noted in its previous report that UNDCP had not reconciled its bank accounts properly for significant periods . Although progress has been achieved , UNDCP has kept a local bank account in Brazil without accounting for its operations . The balance of that account averages some $ 12.5 million per year in Government project co-financing funded by World Bank loans .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	91	Welcoming the cooperation established between the new Representative of the Secretary-General and the United Nations and other international and regional organizations , in particular his participation in the work of the Inter-Agency Standing Committee and its subsidiary bodies , as well as the memorandum of understanding with the Inter-Agency Internal Displacement Division within the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs of the Secretariat and the Global IDP Project of the Norwegian Refugee Council , Taking note of the efforts currently under way by the United Nations humanitarian system , in keeping with a collaborative approach , to strengthen its response capacity to meet the protection and assistance needs of internally displaced persons , Acknowledging with appreciation the important and independent contribution of the International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement and other humanitarian agencies in protecting and assisting internally displace persons , in cooperation with relevant international bodies ,
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	72	The Ministers affirmed the continued relevance and validity of all principled positions and decisions of the Movement as contained in the substantive outcome documents of the 14th NAM Summit held in Havana , Cuba , 15-16 September 2006 and the preceding thirteen Summit Conferences of the Movement , as well as all preceding Ministerial Conferences or Meetings of the Movement . Likewise , they expressed their determination to preserve and act in keeping with the Bandung Principles and the purposes and principles of the Non-Aligned Movement in the present international juncture as agreed in the Declaration on the Purposes and Principles and the Role of the Non-Aligned Movement in the Present International Juncture adopted in the 14th NAM Summit in Havana . The Ministers acknowledged the NAM Chair 's Report on the Movement 's activities covering from the 14th NAM Summit held in Havana to date , which showed significant progress in the process of strengthening and revitalizing the Non-Aligned Movement .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	35	Sexual relationship with a minor of under 15 years of age was an offence punishable with imprisonment of up to 10 years . The Family and Guardianship Code made it possible for a woman to keep her maiden name , or add her husband 's to hers , this being conditional on her making a statement to this effect when contracting the marriage . Her husband , however , could add his wife 's name to his only if his wife decided to retain her maiden name .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	15	All states and territories maintain registers of firearms held within their respective communities . Details kept include the make , model and serial number of firearms as well as personal details of owners . The CrimTrac Agency is currently developing a national register of firearms .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	26	( a ) Duty to keep the encumbered assets properly insured and to pay taxes The duty of care allocated to the debtor in possession includes keeping the encumbered asset properly covered by insurance and making sure that the property taxes are punctually paid . If these pre-default expenses are incurred by the secured creditor , its right to be reimbursed by the debtor is secured by the security right .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	47	My delegation 's undiminished commitment to nuclear disarmament will continue to guide participation in the Working Group on ways and means to achieve nuclear disarmament . At the same time , it will also be guided by the need for non-discriminatory and equitable measures that are in keeping with the United Nations Charter , which recognizes the sovereign equality of all its Members . Our working paper and subsequent written submission on unilateral measures taken by India in nuclear disarmament will be adequately reflected , we hope , in the outcome document .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	48	When the Pre-Trial Chamber issues a summons to appear pursuant to article 58 , paragraph 7 , and intends to set conditions restricting liberty , it shall ascertain the relevant provisions of the national law of the State receiving the summons . In a manner that is in keeping with the national law of the State receiving the summons , the Pre-Trial Chamber shall proceed in accordance with sub-rules 1 , 2 and 3 . If the Pre-Trial Chamber receives information that the person concerned has failed to comply with conditions imposed , it shall proceed in accordance with sub-rule 4 .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	96	All state measures are also subject to scrutiny by the courts , which in questions concerning basic rights is exercised in the last instance by the Federal Constitutional Court . The time-restricted powers granted to the security authorities under the German Act to Fight International Terrorism are regularly reviewed ; in the case of the intelligence services this includes a review by the Parliamentary Control Panel , which in its report of May 2005 came to the conclusion that the security authorities have used the powers they are granted with circumspection and restraint and have thus kept encroachment on civil liberties to a minimum . For this reason the time limits were extended to 2012 .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	66	( c ) The prohibition of authorized companies within their national borders from making direct deliveries of internationally controlled licit drugs outside their national borders when such deliveries are made to individual persons or companies not authorized to import such drugs , as opposed to being made to authorized companies in accordance with the relevant international conventions ; ( d ) The necessity for suppliers to keep records of all acquisitions and deliveries of internationally controlled licit drugs for a period of at least two years , in accordance with the relevant international conventions ; Encourages the competent national authorities to increase public awareness of the risks associated with the unauthorized acquisition of internationally controlled licit drugs via the Internet , in particular with regard to the uncertain quality of the products and the disadvantage that there is no accompanying medical supervision ;
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	55	The Secretary-General 's follow-up to the recommendation of the High-level Panel on United Nations System-wide Coherence to establish one United Nations entity focused on gender equality and women 's empowerment , and any action Member States may take thereon , will also impact on such future cooperation . Accordingly , OHCHR and the Division will keep the joint workplan for 2008 under review and update it as necessary during the coming year . Promotion of the human rights of women and mainstreaming of gender perspectives in the field of human rights
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	57	During the same period , the Committee received a request from the Permanent Representative of Ukraine to participate in the Committee 's consideration of the question . In the absence of agreement on how to proceed with the request of Ukraine and in the light of the contradictory conclusions of the investigations , the Committee decided to keep the item on the agenda while allowing further consultations at the expert level . No consensus on the substance of the matter was reached in the Committee .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	54	They alleged , however , that few cases reached the courts and that very seldom did those responsible for acts of torture receive sentences commensurate with the gravity of the crime committed . The sentences rarely exceed six months ' imprisonment and are frequently suspended , which allows the police officers in question to keep their jobs . They also reported that normally police officers are not suspended from their duties while they are under investigation .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	46	Nepal supports the peacekeeping missions in Liberia , Côte d'Ivoire , the Democratic Republic of the Congo , the Sudan , Burundi , Kosovo , Afghanistan and other countries engulfed by conflict . We welcome the growing cooperation between the United Nations and regional organizations in keeping peace and promoting regional stability , and underline the need for the institutionalization of that mechanism . For over four decades , Nepal has been an active partner of the United Nations in its peacekeeping efforts .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	54	For example , the provision requiring a person who married a career diplomat to adopt their spouse 's nationality was deleted . Another provision was introduced whereby two career diplomats who marry can both continue working and , in the event that one of the spouses is posted overseas , the other spouse will keep his or her post and be granted leave without pay so that he or she is able to accompany the spouse being transferred . This provision applies to both diplomatic and support staff .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	84	Ms. de HOZ ( Argentina ) ( translated from Spanish ) : Argentina is convinced that negative security assurances will make a positive contribution to avoiding proliferation of nuclear weapons . For that reason , as we have stated in other international forums such as the Disarmament Commission , the OPANAL Conference and the Conference on nuclear-weapon-free zones recently held in Mexico City , we reiterate our appeal to the P-5 to ensure full and effective compliance with these measures and arrangements , in keeping with the provisions of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty - the cornerstone of the regime for the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons . The adoption of a global , legally binding instrument on negative security assurances should in no way undermine the assurances granted by the nuclear-weapon States in the framework of nuclear-weapon-free zones and in the framework of the resolutions of the Security Council .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	43	The subprogramme plays a central role in promoting international statistical standards and providing a regional statistical forum . It aims at strengthening the capacity of the national statistical systems of the region to produce and disseminate , in a timely manner and in keeping with international standards and best practices , the statistical information and development indicators needed to design and monitor evidence-based economic and social policies for national decision makers and civil society . 18.35 The subprogramme will focus on strengthening statistical systems in the member countries in order to harmonize with the United Nations Fundamental Principles of Official Statistics .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	66	In response to concerns that the revised limitation levels should appear in square brackets in the text , since there had also been strong objections to the revised limits , it was decided that there was sufficient support to retain the revised limits in the text without square brackets . It was noted that , according to the practice of the Working Group , provisions were kept in square brackets only when no clear support was expressed in favour of the text in brackets . Subject to implementation into the text of the proposal as outlined in paragraph 197 above , the Working Group approved the substance of draft article 62 , paragraph 1 , and referred it to the drafting group .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	48	Effective new mechanisms and new approaches had been put in place as a result of the Brahimi report . It remained for the Department of Peacekeeping Operations to adopt new working methods and a new management culture and improve the quality and substance of its activities , in keeping with the five strategic goals it had set itself . His delegation believed that in staffing the Department , priority should be given to the major troop-contributing countries , especially those countries which were not represented at all in the Department .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	21	The discussion of this chapter has been postponed to a future consideration of the draft instrument . This chapter has been kept in its original position . However the Working Group may wish to consider the optimum placement of it within the draft instrument when its provisions are considered .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	39	On paragraph 1 , several delegations and non-governmental organizations favoured retaining the original language “ all available domestic remedies ” used in other similar instruments . Denmark , Greece , New Zealand , Poland and the United Kingdom preferred keeping the bracketed text “ judicial , administrative and other ” . A proposal to insert “ effective ” after “ all available ” , supported by Chile , the United Kingdom , Mexico and the Netherlands , was opposed by Bangladesh , China , Egypt , the Islamic Republic of Iran , Poland , the Russian Federation and the United States .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	82	( a ) In the case of a State Party for which the Convention entered into force before 13 May 1999 , it is understood that the ten-year time period referred to in article 4 of Annex II to the Convention shall be taken to have commenced on 13 May 1999 ; ( b ) The general issue of the ability of States , particularly developing States , to fulfil the requirements of article 4 of Annex II to the Convention be kept under review . Paragraphs Page
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	38	The claim for personal property includes a gentleman 's gold watch inlaid with diamonds weighing 55 carats with an asserted value of USD 298 , 748.79 that was treated as a Valuation Item . The watch had been kept in a safe at the claimant 's home . Ownership of the Valuation Item
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	35	We would also like to emphasize that no reform may be considered without being submitted to the General Assembly for its prior approval . Moreover , the reforms should be fundamental in nature and in keeping with the principles of the Charter ; they should give greater weight to the action of our Organization and its decisions and recommendations than to economizing or to placing unjustified pressure on the agendas of the General Assembly and the other principal organs . The envisaged reform must confirm our shared commitment to promote effective multilateralism which will make it possible to resolve world political problems in a more just and equitable manner , thereby ensuring the advent of an economic and social order in which all countries can live in security and dignity and enjoy the benefits of globalization .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	131	Commends the important role the Special Rapporteur has played towards the elimination of extrajudicial , summary or arbitrary executions and encourages the Special Rapporteur to continue , within the framework of the mandate , to collect information from all concerned , to respond effectively to information that comes before her or him , to follow up on communications and country visits and to seek the views and comments of Governments and to reflect them , as appropriate , in the elaboration of her or his reports ; Strongly urges all States to cooperate with and assist the Special Rapporteur so that her or his mandate may be carried out effectively , including , where appropriate , by issuing invitations to the Special Rapporteur when she or he so requests , in keeping with the usual terms of reference for missions by special rapporteurs of the Commission , and to respond to the communications transmitted to them by the Special Rapporteur ; Expresses its appreciation to those States that have invited the Special Rapporteur to visit their countries , asks them to examine carefully the recommendations made by the Special Rapporteur , invites them to report to the Special Rapporteur on the actions taken on those recommendations and requests other States , including those mentioned in the report of the Special Rapporteur , to cooperate in a similar way ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	78	- calling for nuclear cooperation to be suspended where the IAEA is not able to provide adequate assurances that a State 's nuclear programme is designed exclusively for peaceful purposes , until such time as the Agency is able to provide such assurances ; - calling on all States in the region to make the Middle East into an effectively verifiable zone free of nuclear weapons and other weapons of mass destruction and their delivery systems , in keeping with the resolution on the Middle East adopted at the 1995 Review and Extension Conference ; - since security in Europe is linked to security in the Mediterranean , giving top priority to implementation of the nuclear non-proliferation regime in that region ;
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	34	One can not but agree with the conclusion that the conditions for a fully fledged United Nations peacekeeping operation in Somalia are regrettably not yet present . There is not yet any peace to keep . Nonetheless , we believe that it is necessary to continue to work on the question of the possible deployment of a United Nations peacekeeping operation , as well as on the modalities of integrating AMISOM into such an operation .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	47	As Mr. Pronk said , the presence of the African Mission in Darfur is a main and crucial element and can not be disposed of . It could be strengthened by other units and other forces , and , consequently , we must keep that force to keep peace and security in Darfur . We all hope that the African Union Peace and Security Council will extend the mandate of AMIS in Darfur until it accomplishes the mission and the tasks for which it was set up .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	84	The actual transfer and absorption of the selected technologies must maximize economic and social benefits , minimize economic and social costs ; and initiate a positive feedback between technological development and other dimensions of development . Following these broader policy statements , Dr. Badawi described the specific objectives of the Arab Fund in the area of TCDC , inter alia , ( a ) to foster the self-reliance of its member countries by enhancing their creative capacities to find solutions to development problems in keeping with their own values and needs ; ( b ) to promote and strengthen collective self-reliance among developing countries through the sharing of experience and resources and the development of their complementary capabilities ; and ( c ) to strengthen regional information systems and communication networks . The Arab Fund plays a role in the creation of institutions and networks for science and technology in areas such as food security , information technology and health ; supports an extensive research programme in , inter alia , management of production systems , natural resource management , and institutional strengthening ; and a variety of initiatives including the Global Campus , which provides a distance learning platform that involves the delivery of tailored academic programmes over the Internet to a worldwide student pool using state-of-the-art information technology .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	55	Welcomes , in this regard , the accession by New Caledonia to the status of observer in the South Pacific Forum , continuing high-level visits to New Caledonia by delegations from countries of the Pacific region and high-level visits by delegations from New Caledonia to countries members of the South Pacific Forum ; Decides to keep under continuous review the process unfolding in New Caledonia as a result of the signing of the Nouméa Accord ; Requests the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples to continue to examine the question and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-sixth session .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	33	The success of our actions depends directly on the commitments made by the parties and on the performance by the parties of those commitments . They have all made promises that must be kept for peace and progress to be restored . That overall strategy includes three inter-locking parts .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	66	The Claims Processing Unit would comprise two Claims Officers ( one P-4 and one P-3 ) , and five General Service ( Other level ) staff ( 3 translators and 2 data entry clerks ) and would be responsible for processing damage claims with a view to submitting them through the Executive Director to the Board for approval . The Unit would also be responsible for keeping the records of damage claims approved by the Board . The Register of Damage would include both hard copies of the claims and their electronic protected versions with information kept at the office headquarters .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	30	Invites the International Court of Justice to review the need to amend its own staff rules to enable the introduction and implementation of the performance appraisal system ; Decides to keep the matter under review at its fifty-sixth session . A/55/834/Add.1 .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	26	Preparations for the next round of cost-of-living surveys The Commission , as part of its ongoing responsibilities under article 11 of its statute , continued to keep under review the operation of the post adjustment system and in that context considered the report of ACPAQ on the work of its twenty-third session . In its 1999 annual report , the Commission had informed the General Assembly about decisions it had taken concerning preparations for the next full round of cost-of-living ( place-to-place ) surveys planned for 2000 at headquarters duty stations , Berne and Washington , D.C .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	9	They must be honoured . Assurances given must be kept . Assistance is needed to build our capacity for a better future for all — an aspiration that must be brought to fruition .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	15	Action by the Committee In pursuance of its mandate , the Committee will continue to keep the situation relating to the question of Palestine under review and to participate in relevant meetings of the General Assembly and the Security Council . The Committee will also continue to monitor the situation on the ground and draw the attention of the international community to urgent developments in the Occupied Palestinian Territory , including East Jerusalem , requiring international action .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	45	A major project , Together for Girls , in the Dadaab camp in Kenya , which shelters mostly Somali refugees , has received funding from Nike . The project 's objective has been to use sport as a tool to get girls into school and keep them there . Data collected demonstrate that significant success has been achieved to date .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	30	That can be done only in the best spirit of good-neighbourly and good regional relations , and we will continue our efforts to that end . We are determined to keep improving our relations with our immediate neighbours , Serbia and Montenegro and the Republic of Croatia , as well as with all other countries of the region . Bosnia and Herzegovina remains determined to continuously fulfil all its obligations and to meet the criteria to be a part of Partnership for Peace programme .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	34	It is proposed that the 7MSP agree that : The President , upon receipt of an extension request , should inform the States Parties of its lodgment and make it openly available , in keeping with the Convention practice of transparency ; the President and the Co-Chairs and Co-Rapporteurs of the Standing Committees , jointly prepare a review of the request indicating , inter alia : Clarifications of facts sought and received from the requesting State ; demining plans for the extension period ; resource and assistance needs and gaps ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	29	Although our initiative was not acted upon at that time , it remains in force . We have supported and will continue to support all proposals that are in keeping with that approach . Mr. Voto-Bernales ( Peru ) ( spoke in Spanish ) : I thank the Under-Secretary-General Pascoe for his briefing and the representative of the United States for his briefing on behalf of the Multinational Force in Iraq .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	52	He therefore wished to request , on behalf of the OAU member States , the inclusion of an item to that effect in the agenda of the current session . That would help to mobilize the assistance and support of the international community , in an act of solidarity that was in keeping with the commitment in the Millennium Declaration to meeting the special needs of Africa . The Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly the inclusion of the item entitled “ Decade to Roll Back Malaria in Africa ” in the agenda of the current session and that it should be considered directly in plenary meeting .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	13	Commingled proceeds When the assets that constitute proceeds of encumbered assets are not kept separately from other assets of the grantor , the question arises as to whether the security right in the proceeds is preserved . The answer to this question usually depends on whether the assets constituting proceeds are identifiable .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	39	His Government had long included gender issues in its budget process , with appreciable effects for the target groups , in particular in rural areas . In 2006 a gender dimension had been incorporated into all public policies in keeping with his Government 's firm commitment to a people-centred development strategy . He stressed that all efforts to empower women must be integrated into a comprehensive and democratic process that took into account the gender-specific aspects of social , educational and economic policies , and said that any attempt to violate the fundamental rights of women must be vigorously opposed .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	26	To amend the template for reporting under Protocol V to include reporting on implementation of Article 8 paragraph 2 and the Plan of Action . To keep under review any reporting template relating to victim assistance , as well as the Questionnaire on victim assistance , to ensure these are up-to-date and broadly consistent with reporting requirements under other relevant instruments . This will assist in streamlining reporting as much as possible and limit undue reporting burdens .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	54	While continuous administrative oversight has kept the number of exceptions at a minimum , it should be noted that in certain cases they are unavoidable . For example , exceptions owing to the lack of availability of regular standards are dictated by the exigencies of specific situations and their number can not therefore be kept constant or be forced to decrease without hampering the efficiency of the traveller 's missions . Moreover , in many cases , to compel a traveller to wait until the established standard of travel becomes available would result in extra cost to the Organization for the daily subsistence allowance over and above the cost of an upgrade ; an upgrade therefore remains the only cost-effective option .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	27	I urge Member States to maintain a common purpose behind peacekeeping . This requires sustained political engagement with relevant parties so that there is a peace to keep , and the provision of necessary resources to ensure that United Nations peacekeeping can live up to the expectations of it held by those most vulnerable . Peacebuilding
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	52	Underlining that 2006 marks 60 years of the United Nations action against racism , including three United Nations decades against racism whose programmes of action have largely not been achieved , as well as five years since the Durban Conference of 2001 , Saluting the laudable efforts of the Caribbean Community to keep the Durban spirit alive and foremost in the conscience of the international community and , in this regard , welcoming the historic unanimous decision of the General Assembly on 28 November 2006 by which the Assembly declared 26 March 2007 as a day for the worldwide commemoration of the two hundredth anniversary of the abolition of the trans-Atlantic slave trade , Recalling the resolution of the Third Committee of the General Assembly ( A/C.3/61/L.53/Rev.1 ) , as orally amended , adopted on 22 November 2006 by which the Third Committee recommended that the Assembly convene the Durban Review Conference in 2009 ,
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	30	We would like to do this particularly under one item in the Assembly 's programme of work , and that is the Global Agenda for Dialogue among Civilizations . In keeping with the mandate in General Assembly resolution 56/6 of 9 November 2001 , on the Global Agenda , the Secretary-General 's report demonstrates how much progress has been achieved by States and civil society organizations , as well as by some United Nations organizations , in developing activities within the context of the Programme of Action . The compilation of the information received on activities undertaken highlights the seminal character of the initiative taken in 1998 by the then President of the Islamic Republic of Iran , Seyed Mohammad Khatami .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	32	His staff must prove their relevance and their ability to deal with the poor and the disadvantaged at the country level . He hoped , in time , to be able to keep his promise to address Member States in at least two languages—French as well as English . He knew the job of Director-General to be a tough and lonely one .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	33	The opinion of the Court was that the wall is contrary to international law and should be dismantled . We called on Israel to take full account of the advisory opinion , in keeping with the overwhelming international opinion on the matter , with a view to early action in accordance with the advisory opinion . Renewed and redoubled efforts are necessary for the peace process to move forward in accordance with the relevant United Nations resolutions , the Quartet 's road map and international law , with the support of the international community .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	61	The issue of special and differential treatment for developing countries in WTO , an especially relevant one for small island developing States that faced particular disadvantages as a result of the policies of the international community , should be revisited . Those countries should receive flexible , special and differential treatment to help them deal with the realities of globalization in keeping with the development strategies they sought to pursue . States should not be requested to meet arbitrary time requirements unrelated to their individual needs or economic performance .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	68	We have come to ask , “ When will the killing machine stop ? ” This week is the third in which acts of killing and destruction have continued . Now , the hamlet of Qana once again meets its fate with Israel , 10 years on — Qana , that peaceful , quiet hamlet , where children , women and old people sought refuge , attempting to keep their spark of life alive in the darkness of the shelters . Israel 's shells do not recognize the innocence of children or the sanctity of life .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	114	( 16 ) As indicated above , the reference to the adoption of the text disappeared from the text of article 23 , paragraph 2 , of the 1969 Vienna Convention in “ mysterious ” circumstances during the 1968-1969 Vienna Conference , probably out of concern for consistency with the wording of the chapeau of article 19 . ( 17 ) However , a majority of members objected to the adoption of a draft guideline along those lines for fear of encouraging a growing number of statements which were intended to limit the scope of the text of the treaty , were formulated before the adoption of its text and were thus not in keeping with the definition of reservations . 2.2.2 Instances of non-requirement of confirmation of reservations formulated when
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	48	These reviews should be regarded in the longer term as an important component of an international information clearing house on disaster reduction , to be developed by the secretariat for the Strategy and its partners . The secretariat for the Strategy should continue to be strengthened , in keeping with General Assembly resolutions 54/219 of 22 December 1999 and 56/195 , and measures should be explored to provide more stable and predictable financial resources . In keeping with the recommendations of the Assembly and those contained in the previous reports of the Secretary-General , the secretariat for the Strategy should be provided with adequate capacity to perform its mandated tasks , which would include the establishment of regular posts for its staff so as to match actual operating requirements .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	62	The Council discussed several issues relating to the processing and payment of claims , including the twenty-fifth report of the Executive Secretary pursuant to article 41 of the Provisional Rules for Claims Procedure , and approved corrections to certain category A , C and D claims . The Council considered the issue of duplication of awards and recommended that the matter be kept on its agenda . The Council continued its consideration of the requests by the Governments of India , the Islamic Republic of Iran , Pakistan , the Philippines , Sri Lanka and the Syrian Arab Republic for the submission of claims of individuals to the Commission after the expiration of the established deadlines for the submission for the filing of such claims .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	45	“ 5. Calls for the commencement of preparatory work for the elaboration of a convention on devising ways and means to prevent and address the illegal transfer of funds and the repatriation of these funds to the countries of origin ; “ 6. Decides to keep this matter under review , and in this regard requests the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-sixth session an analytical report containing concrete recommendations with regard to the repatriation of illegally transferred funds to the countries of origin and to report on the progress made in the implementation of the present resolution. ” At the 41st meeting , on 6 December , the Chairman of the Committee , introduced a draft resolution entitled “ Preventing and combating corrupt practices and illegal transfer of funds and repatriation of such funds to the countries of origin ” ( A/C.2/55/L.52 ) , submitted on the basis of informal consultations held on draft resolution A/C.2/55/L.32 .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	73	Despite the fact that the commentaries clearly showed that there was a considerable body of established State practice on most of the questions covered by the draft articles , more time for their analysis and consideration was required before the adoption of a draft convention based on them . Additional reflection on the text would make for a better outcome and , for that reason , she recommended that the subject should be kept on the General Assembly 's agenda . Ms. Rodríguez-Pineda ( Guatemala ) said that , while her Government was not opposed to the idea of a convention on diplomatic protection , it was of the opinion that the content of the draft articles required more thorough consideration .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	69	The Special Rapporteur welcomed the decision by the Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court to make the Democratic Republic of the Congo the first State to be the subject of his investigations and has said that the decision would ensure that justice was done in the most murderous international conflict since the Second World War . She considers it is in the interest of the Congolese State , in keeping with successive commitments by its leaders to the notion of international criminal justice , that the Government should refer to the ICC Prosecutor any crimes coming within the jurisdiction of the Court , in accordance with article 14 of the Rome Statute . The Special Rapporteur remains convinced that an efficient judicial mechanism should be set up to cover crimes committed during the period before July 2002 .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	17	Rule 41 Sound recordings of meetings of the Conference and of all committees shall be made and kept in accordance with the practice of the United Nations . Unless otherwise decided by the Main Committee concerned , no such recordings shall be made of the meetings of a subsidiary body thereof .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	25	Access to antiretroviral therapy is considered a priority for our members in Africa . The greatest service we can provide to any child is to keep his or her parents alive , and vice versa. Is there anything more important for a parent than to keep his or her child alive ? That is exactly what we are trying to help with .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	50	E. Criteria for ad hoc adjustment of the rates of assessment In its resolution 57/4 B , the General Assembly requested the Committee on Contributions to elaborate further on the criteria regarding ad hoc adjustments of the rates of assessment for consideration and approval by the General Assembly , in keeping with rule 160 of the rules of procedure of the Assembly , so as to facilitate further its consideration of such adjustments . The Committee recalled that the second sentence of rule 160 provides that the scale of assessments , when once fixed by the General Assembly , shall not be subject to a general revision for at least three years unless it is clear that there have been substantial changes in relative capacity to pay .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	78	Any person in custody pursuant to paragraph 1 may communicate immediately with the nearest appropriate representative of the State of which he or she is a national , or , if he or she is a stateless person , with the representative of the State where he or she usually resides . A debate took place regarding the proposal by one delegation to add the word “ preliminary ” before “ investigation ” in paragraph 2 , in keeping with article 6 , paragraph 2 , of the Convention against Torture . The Chairperson accepted that proposal .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	76	It was noted that paragraph 191 of the draft Guide recalled the discussion at the twenty-fourth session of the Working Group concerning the desirability of distinguishing between the different phases of the insolvency process in terms of the need for providing finance . It was observed that the availability of new credit might be of particular importance in the period between the making of the insolvency application and the commencement of the proceedings in order to keep the business operating . One example was noted where new credit could be obtained in this period provided it was determined to be “ indispensable ” to the debtor .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	27	Our Sales and Marketing Section is now finalizing the e-commerce site , through which we will make our sales materials available for online purchase . And in keeping with the expressed wishes of Member States , the Department of Public Information , as manager of the United Nations web site , has continued its efforts to enhance parity among the official languages on the site . The Department has been implementing innovative approaches towards achieving the goal of multilingualism within the context of existing resources .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	37	After considering the differing views , it was noted that the Working Group was divided between those who favoured the elimination of draft article 5.5 and those that preferred it to be kept . Those that favoured keeping the provision considered that it was in need of further study and clarification ( as the discussion had indicated ) . As an indication that the Working Group was not in a position to decide whether to keep the draft provision and an indication that further consideration of its substance and drafting was necessary , the Working Group decided to place the draft article between square brackets .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	40	Under the previous payment system , the factors described in paragraphs 28 and 29 above would have undoubtedly generated additional costs . However , because of the efficiencies of the new payment system , the Tribunal has been able to keep such increases under control . Another advantage of the new lump sum system is that the duration of trials is expected to be reduced , as defence lawyers no longer have an incentive to prolong cases .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	56	Their debt ratios should drop substantially over the next few years , and further implementation of the HIPC initiative should lead to debt levels last witnessed in the 1970s . Looking forward , one important question is how the debt levels of the countries that have already been granted assistance under the HIPC initiative can be kept at sustainable levels over the long term . Another open issue is how to integrate countries into the HIPC framework that are affected by or emerging from conflict .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	44	During the period 1995-2004 , three of the five types of crime studied ( intentional homicide , house burglary and automobile theft ) decreased slightly , while two ( robbery and drug-related crime ) increased . Over the period 2004-2006 , only drug-related crime kept increasing , while the other types of crime decreased . After more than 10 years , the countries observed had succeeded in reducing rates of intentional homicide , house burglary and automobile theft by almost 50 per cent , while robbery rates , after a period of increase , had started decreasing and were approximately 20 per cent higher in 2006 than in 1995 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	49	My delegation believes that the institutional reforms proposed by the Secretary-General are in keeping with the ambitious goals that we have set . The idea of three reformed Councils — the Security Council , the Economic and Social Council and the new Human Rights Council — is perfectly in keeping with our view of the three top priorities for United Nations action — namely , development , security and human rights . It is important that reform establish a proper balance among these three principal organs while involving the greatest possible number of Member States in their work in a lasting manner .
keep%2:35:10::	keep.v	71	Deeply concerned at Israel 's continued , arbitrary detention of Lebanese citizens in Israeli prisons and camps in flagrant violation of the Universal Declaration on Human Rights , the Fourth Geneva Convention on the Protection of Civilians in Times of War of 1949 , and the Hague Convention of 1907 ; Noting with extreme concern and astonishment the ruling issued by the Israeli Supreme Court to allow the Israeli authorities to keep the Lebanese detainees in Israeli jails as “ hostages and a card for compromise , and also to detain them without trial ” ; Recalling as well the resolutions of the UN Human Rights Commission in Geneva on the suffering of Lebanese citizens in Israeli jails who experience difficult health and humanitarian conditions resulting in the death of a number of them ;
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	22	John leaned upon the stone balustrade . He brushed back his black hair , shoving it under his pastor 's cap to keep it from blowing in his eyes . Below the moon splashed world rolled away to insurmountable white peaks ; above him the deep blue sky glittered with stars .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	54	Mr. Matulay ( Slovakia ) : We are concerned about the deteriorating situation in Myanmar , including the massive violations of human rights , which , if not addressed adequately , might grow into an intra-State conflict with consequences for the entire region . We reaffirm our call on the Government of Myanmar to keep to its promised road map to democracy , outlined in 2004 , leading to a genuine democratic transition and national reconciliation , as well as to take concrete and measurable steps to address other areas of international concern , including human rights abuses , forced relocation and forced labour . We strongly support the efforts of the regional partners in trying to find ways for Myanmar to respond to the situation , and urge the Government of Myanmar to give its full cooperation to the Association of Southeast Asian Nations .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	124	I wish to take this opportunity to commend the sustained efforts of Mr. Kofi Annan , the Secretary-General , to convene this special session , which confirms the extent to which the world as a whole has become aware of this epidemic 's devastating effects on human health and of the obstacles it creates in the face of development efforts by those countries that are most affected by it , particularly sub-Saharan African countries that , due to the scarcity of resources , are faced with numerous difficulties in eradicating this pandemic and in checking its expansion . “ Tunisia supports the noble goals and orientations set forth in the draft declaration submitted to this session for approval , as they are fully in keeping with our country 's commitment to consolidate the principles of human rights in their various dimensions . Ever since the change of November 1987 , Tunisia has endeavoured to buttress the economic underpinnings of economic and social progress .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	33	Actively countering crimes related to the use of explosives through operative measures . Carrying out complex security checks at sites where explosives , strong poisons , and radioactive and other hazardous matériel are kept . Control is exercised over the strict observance of legal standards with regard to the supplies to ships sailing under a Bulgarian flag in implementation of the Commercial Navigation Code and the Decree on Commercial Navigation .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	18	Many Eastern European countries have been rebuilding national emergency preparedness and early warning and response systems . In keeping with the global WHO country-focus initiative , country-level processes continue to integrate humanitarian and development activities . More information on other partner activities is available at www.unisdr.org .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	35	His religiousness is intimately , or dialectically , connected with his sinfulness ; the two may in fact be identical . His unsuccessful strivings to give up drink are represented as religious strivings ; he keeps a bottle in a wardrobe at home , and `` before this wardrobe Praisegod Piepsam had before now gone literally on his knees , and in his wrestlings had bitten his tongue - and still in the end capitulated '' . The cyclist , by contrast , blond and blue-eyed , is simply unreflective , unproblematic Life , `` blithe and carefree '' .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	57	If the legal entity is a corporation , the bank may identify the physical persons holding a substantial share of its capital . The Act “ on banks and banking activities ” provides that all documents relating to the conduct of financial transactions subject to monitoring and particulars identifying the persons carrying out such transactions must be kept by banks for five years . Banks design and use appropriate questionnaires for the identification and scrutiny of their clients .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	57	The Board asked UNODC to produce a copy of the opening order for a sample of seven bank accounts out of a total of 18 accounts . Regulation 4.15 of the Financial Regulations and Rules of the United Nations states that the Secretary-General shall designate the bank or banks in which funds of the organization should be kept . Rule 104.4 states that the Under-Secretary-General for Management shall open and close all bank accounts necessary for the activities of the organization and designate the officials authorized to sign all orders relating to said accounts .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	54	The Working Group was invited to consider whether such an addition , which was reflected in the draft model provision , would strictly be necessary , or whether such a possibility would already be covered under the first phrase of subparagraph ( g ) . The Working Group agreed that those words should be kept , but that they should be put in the footnote to the subparagraph rather than to the main text . The Working Group also agreed that the square brackets around the word “ compelling ” should be deleted .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	111	The repeated postponement by the United States Government of its compliance with the WTO decision proves its lack of political will to help ensure the effectiveness of that body 's procedures for the settlement of disputes and its double standards concerning respect for intellectual property rights . Bill S. 691 , introduced on 4 April 2005 by Senator Pete Domenici ( Republican-New Mexico ) and co-sponsored by Senator Mel Martínez ( Republican-Florida ) , seeks to disguise Section 211 in cosmetic changes , creating the false impression that the necessary amendments have been made to comply with the recommendations of the WTO Appellate Body and , thereby , be able to keep it in force . This bill has a corresponding version in the House of Representatives ( Bill HR-1689 ) , introduced on 19 April 2005 by Representative Tom Feeney ( Republican-Florida ) and co-sponsored by House members opposed to the lifting of the embargo against Cuba , such as the mobster Ileana Ros-Lehtinen and Dan Burton .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	96	All actors concerned should be involved in the design , development and implementation of this policy . We also need to develop a comprehensive and consistent approach to ensure that society and the economy treat road safety and mobility as equally important ; that road users follow behaviour that is responsible and respectful of others ; that vehicles are safe from a technical standpoint ; that infrastructure is designed , maintained and used in such a way as to ensure the safety of its users ; and , lastly , that victims be promptly rescued in keeping with the highest standards . These goals can be achieved through , among other things , training , education , a policy of monitoring and effective sanctions , incentive schemes and many other measures .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	63	Reaffirms the terms of reference and main functions of the Committee on Conferences as formulated in section I , paragraph 1 , of resolution 41/213 and in resolution 43/222 B ; Welcomes the improved participation of observers in the work of the Committee on Conferences , the changes in the procedure governing the participation of observers and the decision of the Committee to keep this procedure under review ; Requests the Secretary-General to submit a report to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session on the mechanisms available for addressing the concerns of Member States about the efficiency , quality and delivery of conference services , including information about the way in which the concerns of Member States are recorded and reported , and the grouping of these issues in reports to the General Assembly ;
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	51	The Special Rapporteur agreed that it was necessary to define the compulsion that the conduct of a State must involve in order for it to be qualified as “ expulsion ” . With regard to the concepts of “ territory ” and “ frontier ” , the Special Rapporteur insisted on keeping the proposed definitions . The definition of “ territory ” corresponded to the unanimously accepted one , which included , in particular , internal waters and the territorial sea .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	14	That leads me to my final point , on funding . All efforts at keeping and building the peace will come to naught if we are not ready to provide the operations with a sound financial basis . Failure to reintegrate demobilized and disarmed combatants and to provide them with an alternative livelihood is one of the most frequent causes of resumed conflict .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	40	Furthermore the source asserts that the trial was conducted and the judgement pronounced in the absence of the persons charged . As to the question whether the composition and the status of the military tribunal trying the cases was in keeping with the relevant international standards and instruments , the information made available to the Group and not denied by the Government casts serious doubts on the independence and impartiality of a panel , two members - the majority - of which , after having been designated by the Defence Ministry from among military personnel , remained dependent on and hierarchically directly subordinated to their military superior while hearing the cases and handing down the judgement . As to the question that the trial was conducted and the judgement pronounced in the absence of the persons charged , the Working Group points out that international instruments , inter alia , the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights which Algeria ratified , require that persons charged are tried in their presence .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	27	Invites the Court to review the need to amend its own staff rules to enable the introduction and implementation of the performance appraisal system ; Decides to keep the matter under review at its fifty-sixth session . 103rd plenary meeting
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	45	And all three exemplify the complex relationship that exists today between the imperative of maintaining peace and security and that of ensuring the effective delivery of protection and humanitarian assistance . First is the challenge of peacekeeping in situations where there is no peace to keep , and its relation to the protection of civilians . Security Council resolutions 1296 ( 2000 ) and 1674 ( 2006 ) reiterate that the deliberate targeting of civilians in situations of armed conflict remains a flagrant violation of international humanitarian law .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	21	It should also take steps to improve living conditions in the occupied territories . Along the same lines , and in keeping with the road map , settlement activities on occupied territory should also cease , including the so-called natural growth of those settlements . The dismantling of illegal settlements , which are an obstacle to peace , should also commence .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	79	Disadvantages are the need to adjust for ( i ) inadequate coverage of small establishments , in particular those in the informal sector and in certain activities , l and ( ii ) the observation of ( characteristics of ) jobs rather than ( of ) persons . In addition , establishment surveys will normally provide only a limited range of characteristics of workers because the information that establishments can provide at low costs depend on the records they keep for their own needs and the need to interpret them to provide the information requested by the survey questionnaire . The advantages of using administrative records , in addition to those related to cost of data collection ( usually low ) and adjustments needed ( often high ) of the statistical agency are ( a ) that the estimates made from them will not suffer from sampling imprecision , and ( b ) that some variables ( important to the administrative process ) may be measured very reliably .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	24	I got hold his mouth open '' . I did n't want to touch him and I hoped Ma would do it but she kept looking at the kid 's clothes piled on the floor and the pool of water by them and did n't make any move to . `` Come on , Jorge '' .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	68	In this context , Madagascar , given our commitment to the Indian Ocean Zone of Peace , particularly welcomes the recent accession to the NPT of four States of our region , and hopes that this step will be followed by the other States of the zone that have not yet become parties . The seriousness of the nuclear threat hanging over mankind leaves no justification whatever for keeping such weaponry for any period , or in any form . In this vein , Madagascar supports the proposal to convene an international conference to identify ways of eliminating nuclear dangers .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	97	286 below ) . At its ninth session , in August 2003 , the Council recalled that since the request to establish regulations for the resources in question had been made in accordance with the provisions of the Convention and the Agreement , every effort should be made to formulate and consider such draft regulations in a timely manner , taking into account the need to ensure that the draft was technically sound and that the Legal and Technical Commission was given sufficient time to consider fully the difficult scientific issues involved . It was decided to keep the matter under consideration at its next session , in parallel with the ongoing formulation of the draft regulations by the Legal and Technical Commission.25 The Authority has evolved a novel method of collaboration with scientists , researchers and institutions in the collection and dissemination of data and information .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	25	“ 7. Requests the Rapporteur to report to the Special Committee in 2000 on the implementation of the present resolution ; “ 8. Decides to keep the question of Puerto Rico under continuous review. ” C. Action taken by the General Assembly
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	96	In that connection , there was no support in the Working Group for elaborating the rule in subparagraph ( b ) so as to provide that the period for the indemnity claim should run from the date of the final judgement , provided that the indemnity claimant had notified the other party , within three months from the time when the recovery claimant had become aware of the damage and the default of the indemnity debtor . It was felt that such elaboration would render the provision overly complicated and that it would be preferable to keep the provision in line with article 24 , paragraph 5 of the Hamburg Rules , on which the draft article was based . Having noted that the draft article should cover all indemnity actions under the draft convention , but not indemnity actions outside the draft convention , the Working Group agreed to request the Secretariat to review the need for , and appropriate placement of , the phrase “ under this Convention ” , in the chapeau of the draft article .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	82	We continue to believe that it is important , at the beginning of each session , to take time to step back and think , dispassionately and carefully , about the principles and methods which should guide us in the adoption of a programme of work as well as the stumbling blocks to avoid . The rule to follow this year involves building confidence among us , making as much progress as we can , whenever we can , towards negotiations in keeping with the calling of this forum . Some important preparatory work awaits us .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	28	The Government has shown willingness to make progress in the political talks on Darfur . However , fighting on the ground continues and the ceasefire has not been kept . Those responsible for atrocious crimes on a massive scale still go unpunished .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	15	And that common ground should not be the lowest common denominator . We have to keep up the momentum . There is no question of maintaining the status quo .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	78	b ) a natural person - given name , surname , date of issue and number of the personal identification documents , and the authority which issued the certificate . A credit institution or a financial institution shall also identify a client , if the total amount of a single separate transaction or several clearly related transactions is 10 000 LVL or larger , and if previously when opening the account or accepting the financial resources for safe keeping the identification of the client had not been conducted . If the total amount of the financial transaction is not determinable at the time of its performance , the identification of the client shall be conducted as soon as the total amount of the transaction becomes known and it is 10 000 LVL or larger .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	91	In view of the persistence of mercenary activities , the General Assembly should continue to condemn these wrongful acts because they impede the exercise of the right of peoples to self-determination , undermine the sovereignty of States and the principle of non-interference in internal affairs , impede the enjoyment of the human rights of the victims of such aggression and destabilize legitimate constitutional Governments . The methods used to recruit mercenaries by private companies that offer security services and military assistance and advice in the international market should continue to be kept under review . Not all private companies recruit mercenaries , but the novelty of the offer , the efficiency promised in situations that used to be exclusively reserved for State action , and the fact that such companies are at the same time multifaceted , versatile and technologically well equipped , could well draw them into intervening directly in armed conflicts of the countries with which they have signed contracts .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	26	It is fundamental the UNIFIL be provided with the necessary assets to face the existing risks and threats . We are sure that the Secretary-General will keep working on the measures best suited to guaranteeing full security for the mission 's personnel . Realizing the importance of UNIFIL 's task and the relevance of the challenges it faces , we have worked from the beginning for prompt , consensus approval of the resolution .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-ninth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Mission of Support in East Timor ” . A/58/636 and A/59/290 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	28	In summary , my Government stresses that the following elements should be considered : The necessity of strengthening the sanctions against the armed wing of UNITA , in keeping with Article 41 of the Charter of the United Nations and of paragraph 3 of resolution 1295 ( 2000 ) ; The necessity of strengthening the current system of control and supervision of the sanctions , in order to obtain better cooperation from States ;
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	30	Friends ' Society in Social Service ( FSSS ) is the only NGO came in this remote island immediate after the devastating situation . Their sharing and emergency support service kept an “ unforgettable impression ” in the mind of the people in this island. … ” “ We never knew about Economic and Social Council nor even United Nations Organization or its declared action on MDGs .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	33	We are working with other countries to establish a global commission on international migration , which will be asked to make recommendations . In order to promote human security , we must also keep the promises made in the field of development . In the Millennium Declaration we have undertaken to ensure that globalization becomes a positive force for all humankind .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	55	At its last session , the Working Group found that a model provision on the matter would be useful ( see A/CN.9/505 , paras . However , in view of the complexity of the issues and the various policy options mentioned in the legislative recommendation , the experts agreed that it would be better to keep it as a footnote to the text of the model provision dealing with the authority to enter into concession agreements ( see proposed footnote to model provision 3 ) . The matter is , however , referred to in draft model provision 27 , subparagraph ( f ) .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	38	At the SMSP it was agreed , in accordance with paragraph 28 of the final report , that Belgium and Zimbabwe would serve as Co-Chairs of the SC-GSO , with Norway and Thailand serving as Co-Rapporteurs . In keeping with the Convention 's tradition , the intersessional Standing Committee meetings proceeded in the spirit of partnership , inclusivity , transparency and practical cooperation . The level of participation , in particular from mine-affected countries , was significant with approximately 350 persons from over 80 countries in attendance at the intersessional Intersessional meetings , in addition to numerous international and non-governmental organizationsorganizations ( NGOs ) , including the International Campaign to Ban Landmines ( ICBL ) and the International Committee of the Red Cross ( ICRC ) .
keep%2:31:00::	keep.v	34	From 1996 to 1999 , 25 900 women attended IEC sessions and 87 women were trained in techniques for building improved wood stoves . In rural areas , women are becoming increasingly involved in keeping watch for illegal forestry activities in those forests that have been placed under village management . In those areas covered by the Natural Resource Management Project ( PGRN ) , women sit on the natural resource management committee of their local village .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	21	Irrespective of their wide use , draft guideline 3.1.7 obviously tended to exclude such . That approach , which was in keeping with the gist of the definition of reservations in the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties , was acceptable to his delegation , but doubts remained as to whether such exclusion would find its place in practice . The wording of the draft guideline also left unclear the consequences of non-compliance with the prescription .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	29	Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations ( A/59/861 ) The President ( spoke in French ) : I should like , in keeping with established practice , to draw the attention of the General Assembly to document A/59/861 . It contains a letter dated 1 July 2005 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the General Assembly , in which he informs the Assembly that 10 Member States are in arrears in the payment of their financial contributions to the United Nations within the terms of Article 19 of the Charter .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	46	In that way , we will find the resources to face yet another challenge — that of overcoming poverty and building a nation based on total social cohesion . Our social policy is framed by a long-term vision and short-term goals under constant review , in keeping with the Millennium Development Goals , the fulfilment of which we reaffirmed yesterday in this Hall . I wish to cite three of the seven chapters of our social policy .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	48	We believe , therefore , that the Council should set a deadline of three weeks for Iraq to demonstrate conclusively that it is implementing these tasks and is cooperating actively and effectively on substance , on real disarmament , and not only on process . Fourthly , to keep the pressure on Iraq , the Council should consider authorizing Member States now to eventually use all necessary means to force compliance , unless , on the basis of ongoing inspectors ' reports , it concludes that the Government of Iraq is complying . We are convinced that Iraq is substantially contained and that , if it cooperates , the disarmament of Iraq can be had without a shot being fired .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	21	Requests the Rapporteur to report to the Special Committee in 2008 on the implementation of the present resolution ; Decides to keep the question of Puerto Rico under continuous review . Consideration of other matters
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	39	The French delegation welcomes the consolidation of Iraq 's budgetary resources . That should make it possible for the Iraqi Government to continue to rebuild the country and to improve its people 's access to basic services , in keeping with the aforementioned commitments undertaken at the first ministerial-level International Compact with Iraq Annual Review Conference . My delegation supports the work carried out by UNAMI in coordination with the Iraqi Government .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	113	It also fully supported the Model Law on Electronic Signatures , which provided practical systems for authenticating electronic signatures based on a standard legal framework that would reduce uncertainty at the international level concerning the new authentication techniques . He also supported the recommendations of the Working Group with regard to future work and urged the Commission to prepare an international instrument on matters relating to electronic contracting without delay , consider appropriate means of removing legal obstacles to electronic commerce in international instruments and carry out a study of the issues related to transfer of rights , in particular rights in tangible goods , by electronic means and mechanisms for publicizing and keeping a record of acts of transfer or the creation of security interests in such goods . On 23 and 24 April 2001 , his Government , under the aegis of H.M. King Mohammed VI , had held a national symposium on Morocco 's entry into the global information society .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	68	With the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees , we have agreed to monitor the border , together with the newly established refugee office , to see if there is any unusual movement and to predict if there will be any movement from Guinea into Sierra Leone . For the time being , there are no movements which we can detect , but we will keep on monitoring . The other aspect is , of course , international criminal activity .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	76	The campaign concluded with 80 , 000 postcards sent to the Italian Prime Minister , Silvio Berlusconi and the former European Commissioner for Trade , Pascal Lamy ; ( ii ) In 2007 , FOCSIV participated at the Cooperation Internationale pour le Developpement et la solidarite ( CIDSE ) -Caritas Internationalis joint campaign “ Make Aid Work , The World Ca n't Wait ” . The mass mobilisation urged the world 's most powerful leaders to keep promises made at the G8 Summit in United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland ( Gleneagles , 6-8 July 2005 ) at the G8 summit in Germany ( Heiligendamm , 6-8 July 2007 ) . At national level , the campaign was carried out in collaboration with the major Italian catholic associations .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	29	Maybe I should refer to the representative of Egypt , since he made a substantial recommendation . Would the representative of Egypt go along with the suggestion that we keep “ 2006 ” in paragraphs 8 and 9 and that we retain “ 2006 ” in paragraph 10 ? Mr. Shamaa ( Egypt ) : We can go along with maintaining “ 2006 ” in paragraphs 8 and 9 and with the formulation that we have read out for paragraph 10 , to include “ 2006 ” .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	51	The Ministry of Defence keeps close track on the importation of weapons/ammunition for its own defence needs and uses . Such stockpiling of weapons/ammunition by units in Royal Brunei Armed Forces ( RBAF ) units , armories and ammunition dumps are listed in the appropriate registers or ledgers , with records kept for all daily issues/receipts and retained for at least 6 months after the last entries . All arms are checked daily by officers/warrant officers with serial numbers checks carried out by an officer once a week .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	44	The Mauritanian Government is presently taking a number of steps with regard to immigration management , in two main areas : The first entails a review of the legislation and regulations currently in force with a view to making them tighter and more in keeping with the provisions of resolution 1373 ( 2001 ) . The Mauritanian Government is also concerned with establishing structures , mechanisms , bodies and resources capable of implementing the directives and general guidelines of the resolution .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	15	This is also a consequence of the right to freedom of vocational choice . In keeping with the principles of Articles 8 and 8a of the Third Book of the Social Code , male and female trainees are equally entitled to support in the form of vocational training grants in order to ensure that the pursuit of vocational training is not prevented by a lack of financial security . This was not changed by the introduction of the system of uniform basic support for job seekers in the wake of what are called the “ Hartz Laws ” .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	38	Article 13 Specific obligations The carrier shall during the period of its responsibility as defined in article 12 , and subject to article 26 , properly and carefully receive , load , handle , stow , carry , keep , care for , unload and deliver the goods . Notwithstanding paragraph 1 of this article , and without prejudice to the other provisions in chapter 4 and to chapters 5 to 7 , the carrier and the shipper may agree that the loading , handling , stowing or unloading of the goods is to be performed by the shipper , the documentary shipper or the consignee .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	33	At the same time , the process of change must be managed cautiously to ensure that it did not result in irreversible errors . Although the United Nations should be properly equipped to keep peace in the world , peace could not be sustained in the absence of development . The Organization 's priorities and approaches to peace and development must be reconciled .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	46	As many States as possible should benefit from access to civilian nuclear technologies , provided that they complied with their non-proliferation obligations , adhered to the IAEA safeguards regime and pursued their activities in good faith for peaceful purposes . To that end , and in keeping with its commitment to the promotion of the peaceful uses of nuclear energy , France was cooperating with a growing number of countries and institutions . It fully supported the Technical Cooperation Programme of IAEA and made regular contributions to the Technical Cooperation Fund and urged all States to do likewise .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	27	It should be recognized and appreciated that our country is where it is because of our continued efforts . We deserve to be supported in order to keep moving forward . We also hope that the international financial institutions will continue supporting us with more concessional loans to enable us to meet our targets for achieving the MDGs .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	46	He said that the Group supported the conclusions of the Programme and Budget Committee . It thanked the Auditor-General of South Africa for his work as External Auditor , and urged the Secretariat to act on his recommendations for the effective management of the Organization in keeping with the United Nations reform process . The Group had been pleased to note the results achieved both at headquarters and in the field offices thanks to the focus on results-based management .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	54	Requests the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session a report on the implementation of the present resolution , including recommendations on options for further consideration by the General Assembly of this item upon the completion of the work of the ad hoc committee referred to above ; Decides to keep the matter under review and to include in the agenda of its fifty-seventh session a sub-item entitled “ Preventing and combating corrupt practices and illegal transfer of funds and repatriation of such funds ” under the item “ Sectoral policy questions ” . * On behalf of the States Members of the United Nations that are members of the Group of 77 and China .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	129	The Governing Council was established as the embodiment of the nation 's determination to preserve Iraq 's sovereignty , safeguard its unity and territorial integrity , achieve a better future for its people and reconstruct its social fabric , following the disintegration of all values and social cohesiveness and the undermining of national unity in that dark era . The Governing Council — which represents the full spectrum of Iraqi society and whose members have been chosen as a result of painstaking and extensive consultations among Iraqi personalities of various religious , ethnic and political affiliations — was assisted , during the intensive negotiations that preceded the formation of the Council , by representatives of the Coalition Provisional Authority and by the Special Representative of the Secretary-General , in keeping with operative paragraph 9 of resolution 1483 ( 2003 ) . We wish to place on record our sincere gratitude to all of them for their efforts . Resolution 1483 ( 2003 ) did not set out in a clear and precise manner the functions of the interim administration .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	60	A work in progress , the campaign would include a wide range of partners , from governments and United Nations agencies to civil society and faith-based organizations . It would follow the “ three ones ” principles and support and accelerate the “ 3 x 5 ” initiative led by WHO , especially actions to improve treatment for children and keep parents alive . A consultation with field offices and National Committees would take place in early 2005 to establish goals , mechanisms for achieving them and resource allocation .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	93	In accordance with its firm commitment to a political solution of the dispute , Morocco had accepted this agreement as the basis for negotiations . It should be recalled , however , that even before initiating the Framework Agreement , the Personal Envoy expressed his belief that `` substantial progress has been made towards determining whether the Government of Morocco as the administrative power in Western Sahara is prepared to offer or support some devolution of authority for all inhabitants and former inhabitants of the territory that is genuine , substantial and in keeping with international norms '' ( paragraph 19 of Report S/2001/398 , 24 April 2001 ) . It is in this spirit that the Council has taken into consideration the Framework Agreement which `` would provide for a substantial devolution of authority , which does not foreclose self-determination , and which indeed provides for it '' ( Resolution 1359 , 29 June 2001 ) .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	26	The Council must also become more dynamic and incorporate more regional decision-making . The successive failures of the Council show that the permanent members have not kept their part of the bargain struck in 1945 : permanent seats and a veto in exchange for responsibility to the broader membership . Indeed , they are clearly making any attempt at reform in terms of composition or working methods impossible .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	41	( b ) Date and type of transaction ( showing nature and value ) ; Retain the day-ledger and books showing such transactions for a minimum duration of 10 years from the date on which the transaction was made ; and keep all correspondence , documents and paperwork related to transactions conducted by the company or establishment , whether domestic or foreign , for a period of five years from the date on which the transaction was completed ; Refrain from holding any anonymous accounts , accounts under false or symbolic names , or opening any such accounts ;
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	68	See general recommendation No. 29 ( 2002 ) on article 1 , paragraph 1 , ( Descent ) ; general recommendation No. 27 ( 2000 ) on discrimination against Roma ; general recommendation No. 23 ( 1997 ) on the rights of indigenous peoples and general recommendation ; and No. 30 ( 2004 ) on discrimination against non-citizens . Annexes are not part of the report but are kept by the Secretariat and available for consultation . See general recommendation No. 28 ( 2002 ) on the follow-up to the World Conference against Racism , Racial Discrimination , Xenophobia and Related Intolerance .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	36	The changes in the way TNCs organize their activities internationally calls for continuous monitoring of policy options at the national as well as the international level . In this context , a need for countries to keep sufficient policy space to pursue their development objectives was noted . The debate highlighted areas in which the UNCTAD secretariat could help address the challenge of spreading benefits from TNC activities more evenly .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	27	So far , no arrests have been made in relation to the question of terrorism . However , the measures being undertaken will remain in place to keep the country free from terrorist activities . It is noteworthy that the fight against terrorism in Malawi has full support of civil society organizations as well as the general populace .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	55	In that context , the reactive and often misdirected violence on the part of refugees during lulls in conflict , while problematic , was entirely understandable , coming from people who , as children , had had to assume such inordinate responsibility for defending their rights . Refugee women had played a crucial role in keeping families together , showing great resourcefulness and resilience in finding employment in order to assist with economic responsibilities , while also absorbing the psychological stress caused by displacement , unemployment or the death of male family members . The undue burden placed on women in those circumstances was compounded by the pressures of being subject to both family demands and those imposed by the occupation authorities , all of which had detrimental effects on women 's mental health and overall quality of life .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	29	The review will seek to facilitate budget execution , monitoring and proper budget discipline . Such consideration will , however , need to take into account the need to keep to a minimum the costs required for additional modification of the system . The Director of Administration is responsible for implementation of the recommendation .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	24	Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations ( A/61/709 ) The President : I should like , in keeping with established practice , to invite the attention of the General Assembly to document A/61/709 , which contains a letter from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the General Assembly in which he informs the Assembly that 16 Member States are in arrears in the payment of their financial contributions to the United Nations within the terms of Article 19 of the Charter . I should like to remind delegations that , under Article 19 of the Charter ,
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	75	We request the President of the General Assembly , assisted by the Secretary-General , to conduct consultations with Member States in order to develop the necessary modalities for the effective operation of the Peacebuilding Commission , including its rules of procedure , financial arrangements for its functioning and the selection of the chairs , so that the body can begin operation no later than 31 December 2005 . The arrangements set out above will be kept under review with a view to ensuring that they are appropriate to delivering the agreed functions of the Peacebuilding Commission . Future proposals to change the arrangements hereby agreed upon should be forwarded jointly by the Security Council and the Economic and Social Council to the General Assembly for its approval .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	88	Since the form of the lease is such as to be a contract of continuing performance ( the lessee has continuing possession and use while the lessor has a right to payment ) , under most legal systems , the lease contract will be terminated for the future only . This result means that the lessee will lose the right to purchase the property at the end of the lease ( or to automatically acquire ownership if the contract so provides ) , and that the lessor will keep the full rental payments received . Subject to any contrary provision in the lease agreement , however , the financial lessor will not be able to claim for the normal depreciation of the property .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	36	Fury is upstanding and on the rangy side , and Caper is more the compact type . I have never seen Caper off his feet - he seems to know nothing but ' trot ' and keeps trying a little harder if asked to do so . Fury has made a few mistakes but looks like a wonderful prospect , with his impressive gait and stride which certainly make him cover the ground .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	34	The Advisory Committee notes with concern that expenditure on travel greatly exceeded budgetary provisions in a number of missions . The Committee recommends that travel requirements be properly budgeted and that travel expenditures be kept within approved provisions . In the performance reports for the period 2005/06 for almost all missions , the Committee noticed a phenomenal increase of spending on in-mission travel .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	24	If yes , please give details . Croatia 's Armed Forces and the Ministry 's of Internal Affairs weapons and ammunition are stored and kept in accordance with Regulations and instructions developed by the Armed Forces General Staff and Ministry of Internal Affairs , respectively . According to these regulations , inventory is controlled monthly , and one detailed inventory is undertaken every year .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	40	The research should be made with respect to options of “ standard ” mechanisms/instruments/structures which could be an adequate replacement for provision of services , previously accorded by marketing boards . Particular attention should be paid to helping small farmers keep their farms . A commodity finance facility should be established which would address the issue on a holistic basis .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	35	Recalling that the issue had already been discussed at length in the the Working Party , he expressed his country 's disappointment at the lack of any decision on the matter . Switzerland would nevertheless keep insisting on the importance of introducing the concept . The representative of the United States of America asked for clarification on the negative balance shown against a number of projects in some tables in the documentation before the Working Party .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	36	“ It has always been the policy of the United Nations , acting through the Secretary-General , to compensate individuals who have suffered damages for which the Organization was legally liable . This policy is in keeping with generally recognized legal principles and with the Convention on Privileges and Immunities of the United Nations . In addition , in regard to the United Nations activities in the Congo , it is reinforced by the principles set forth in the international conventions concerning the protection of the life and property of civilian population during hostilities as well as by considerations of equity and humanity which the United Nations can not ignore. ”
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	55	While continuous administrative oversight has kept the number of exceptions at a minimum , it should be noted that in certain cases they are unavoidable . For example , exceptions owing to the lack of availability of regular standards are dictated by the exigencies of specific situations , and their number can not therefore be kept constant or be forced to decrease without hampering the efficiency of the traveller 's missions . Moreover , in many cases , to compel a traveller to wait until the established standard of travel becomes available would result in extra costs for the Organization for the daily subsistence allowance over and above the cost of an upgrade ; an upgrade therefore remains the only cost-effective option .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	70	In my fourth report , I recommended that the new authorities should continue with the consultation and coordination mechanisms initiated in 1997 and follow up on the work already done by the joint commissions on land , official recognition of indigenous languages and educational reform as provided for in the Agreement on Identity and Rights of Indigenous Peoples ( A/49/882-S/1995/256 , annex ) . I also stressed the importance of keeping the issue of the preservation of holy places on the agenda and of taking up again the issue of procedures for the participation of indigenous people at all levels . The Follow-up Commission also set a high priority on strengthening the commissions created to deal with issues under the Agreement and on promoting implementing legislation .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	38	The PRESIDENT said that he had been informed by the chairs of the regional groups that no solution had been found for the inclusion of Tajikistan and Turkmenistan in a list of States . He urged delegations to keep the item under review so that a solution could be found . The PRESIDENT , drawing attention to paragraphs 1 and 2 of Article 9 of the Constitution , said that 27 members of the Industrial Development Board were to be elected as follows :
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	7	Accounts The Transitional Darfur Regional Authority shall keep full and proper accounts of its activities , as well as books and records relating thereto , in accordance with the laws and regulations . Deposits
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	36	A worker who earns at least the RMMMG and is eligible ( cf. above ) is considered a full-time worker . An unemployed person entitled to benefits for all week days ( except Sunday ) may keep this right even after resuming work on a part-time basis , by applying for the status of a `` part-time worker with continuing benefits '' at the start of the part-time employment in question , during which , moreover , that person may , under specific conditions , claim an income guarantee allowance in addition to the wage . A person who qualifies neither as a full-time worker nor as a part-time worker with continuing benefits might be able to claim benefits as a part-time voluntary worker .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	21	Vince . I 'm sending you a couple of customers - yeah - just get them out of my hair and keep them out - I do n't give a damn what you tell them - only do n't believe a word they say - they 're out to make trouble for me and it is up to you to stop them - I do n't care how - and one more thing - Cate 's Cafe closed at eleven like always last night and Rose and Clarence Corsi left for Quebec yesterday - some shrine or other - I think it was called Saint Simon 's - yeah , yesterday . Got it '' ?
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	64	We agree very much that there needs to be an exit strategy , there need to be benchmarks and the parties need to be kept to their obligations , but I think we need to recognize at the same time that progress in these matters is not linear . I think our preoccupation should be with the benchmarks and with pressing the parties to keep to those benchmarks , rather than trying to set more or less arbitrary timetables . We would argue that the exit strategy should be linked to the election of an autonomous government , as indicated in the Bougainville Peace Agreement .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	33	His delegation strongly supported a coordinated United Nations programme in the country . In response to the extensive comments , the Acting Regional Director said that the Myanmar CPR had been developed in keeping with the historical mandate of UNICEF to help children in need irrespective of the political circumstances and mindful of the views of all segments of the society and the General Assembly resolution on the human rights situation in the country . She added that regular briefings and field visits had been organized for donors in the country .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	43	Although the Panel of Governmental Experts has focused on international measures , a number of States have voluntarily reduced their holdings of missiles , eliminated specific categories of missiles , or forgone the possession and capability to produce certain missiles . Others have kept their missile force in a non-deployed , de-alerted and/or de-targeted posture . Such unilateral measures apply most notably to ballistic missiles .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	45	In deciding to draft this Summary in a format which was separated out from the actual recommendations in the report itself , and in a way that was re-usable , the Panel was motivated by a number of matters . One was the desire to keep the substantive element of its reports to a manageable length . As the number of reports generated by the various panels increases , there seems to be a good deal to be said for what might be called economies of scale .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	53	In the same vein , UNDP considers that continuous relations with host countries are an indispensable support in this sphere and are the best ways to secure help and assistance . The tragic events of 11 September 2001 have reinforced the necessity to keep security the top of priorities as well as to keep continuous relations with the local authorities . United Nations support for science and technology in Latin America and the Caribbean ( JIU/REP/2001/2 )
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	17	Executive direction and management As noted in paragraph 74 of the report of the Secretary-General , in keeping with the Secretary-General 's reform plan and the OHCHR plan of action ( A/59/2005/Add.3 , annex ) , it is proposed to strengthen the New York office of OHCHR . In the plan of action , the argument put forward for this change is that most of the core United Nations departments and agencies are headquartered in New York , and the Executive Committees and subsidiary bodies convene in New York , as do the Security Council , the General Assembly and the Economic and Social Council .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	94	In order to facilitate implementation of measures provided in paragraph 1 of this article , each State Party , in accordance with its domestic law and using as a guideline relevant initiatives of regional , interregional and multilateral organizations against money-laundering , shall : ( a ) Issue advisories regarding the types of individuals , persons or companies to whose accounts financial institutions within its jurisdiction will be expected to apply enhanced scrutiny , the types of accounts and transactions to which to pay particular attention , and appropriate account-opening , maintenance and record- keeping measures to take concerning such accounts ; and ( b ) Where appropriate , notify financial institutions within its jurisdiction , at the request of another State Party or on its own initiative , of the identity of particular individuals , persons or companies to whose accounts such institutions will be expected to apply enhanced scrutiny , in addition to those that the financial institutions may otherwise identify .
keep%2:40:09::	keep.v	42	The Government of Canada recognizes that a more productive and innovative economy is the key to ensuring that there is a vibrant labour market for all Canadians . The Government has a range of policies and programs that help Canadians get and keep jobs and does so to support both economic and social objectives . The Government of Canada has focussed its efforts in sustaining a strong , growing economy .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-ninth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Mission of Support in East Timor ” . A/58/636 and A/59/290 .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	6	Organization of work The Committee will keep under review the procedure governing the participation of observers . Adoption of the report
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	48	Under the supervision of the Chief of Section , the Unit is responsible for the control and verification of all United Nations and contingent-owned equipment involving the physical check of all equipment arriving into and departing from the Mission . It is also responsible for the establishment and keeping of the Mission 's inventory listing of all United Nations-owned equipment and is responsible for the investigation of crime and traffic accidents involving United Nations vehicles and security or safety-related incidents and the submission of relevant reports . This Unit comprises one Officer ( P-3 ) , five Field Service staff and three local staff .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	60	I take this opportunity to pay tribute to those delegations , particularly the Libyan and the European Union delegations , for their efforts to prepare a resolution that Japan could support . Mr. Valdez Carrillo ( Peru ) ( spoke in Spanish ) : My delegation voted in favour of the draft resolution on the understanding that it is in keeping with the powers established in the Charter with regard to the multilateral application of economic measures , as in Article 41 . It is Peru 's understanding that this resolution does not refer in any way to measures authorized by the competent bodies of the Organization that are applied in accordance with the principles of the Charter .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	74	We all agree that there is a need for a comprehensive approach , including key aspects , such as democracy consolidation , human rights and sustained economic growth , to address the needs of countries emerging from crises , and that a long-term development programme must always be an essential part of any post-conflict peace-building effort . We now have to think about how to maintain a strong stimulus for the international community to keep its engagement and commitments for the development of East Timor . The statements of Mr. Gusmão and Mr. Ramos-Horta reassure us that the East Timorese leadership is on the right track .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	71	We wish to thank Ambassador Paul Badji for all his efforts on behalf of the Palestinian people . My Government advocates a politically just settlement of the Palestinian problem based on various resolutions adopted by the United Nations , including the resolution providing for the right of return of Palestinian refugees and those calling for Israel 's withdrawal from the Arab territories occupied in 1967 — all of which are in keeping with the principle of land for peace , established at the Madrid Conference , and the Arab Peace Initiative , which would permit the establishment of an independent Palestinian State with East Jerusalem as its capital . The Government of Reconciliation and National Unity and the people of Nicaragua support the just cause of the Palestinian people as a matter of principle and , together with the rest of the international community , believe that it is essential to step up international efforts to find a peaceful solution leading to the establishment of a Palestinian State based on the borders prior to 4 June 1967 , with East Jerusalem as its capital .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	77	The Commission has been considering the topic on the basis of the reports submitted by the Special Rapporteur , which , as pointed out on earlier occasions , have been based on the Commission 's prior work on the topic . So far the main goal has been to elaborate rules governing the acts in question , focusing more on a progressive development approach than on codification , in accordance with the Commission 's statute , in keeping with the conclusions adopted by the Commission and the working group that met in 1996 , and in accordance with the views expressed by the majority of representatives in the Sixth Committee . In the specific case of unilateral acts , the majority view in the Commission and the Sixth Committee has been that the topic of unilateral acts of States can be dealt with as both a codification and a progressive development exercise .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	26	Organization of work In section II A , paragraph 20 , of its resolution 57/283 B , the General Assembly encouraged the Committee on Conferences to keep under continued review the procedures for the participation of observers in the work of the Committee . Adoption of the report
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	46	The Durban Conference had brought to light such hidden issues as religious discrimination , ethnic conflicts , the situation of indigenous peoples , and gender discrimination . Effective follow-up would be required to ensure that the promises made at the dawn of the new millennium were kept . Ecuador upheld a policy of respect for human rights and had signed the international human rights treaties .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	17	This is a right for both women and men . A Yemeni woman has the right to keep her nationality even if she marries a Muslim non Yemeni and gains his nationality , unless she decides to drop her Yemeni nationality and this desire is documented when the marriage takes place or during the marriage itself as per article number ( 10 ) for year 1990 of the same law . A Yemeni woman has the right to restore her Yemeni nationality in case her marriage to a non Yemeni is over if she requests for it .
keep%2:40:09::	keep.v	31	Child survival concerns in situations of armed conflict have achieved a higher degree of mainstreaming than child protection when assessed against the four criteria laid out above . The need to keep children alive is a concrete , measurable objective that senior management and field staff of United Nations actors routinely support , as do donor countries , as evidenced in their response to these concerns in the United Nations Consolidated Appeals Process ( CAP ) and bilateral funding proposals . There is a considerable body of health and nutritional expertise within United Nations agencies , and Governments have ministries and institutions of higher education have departments and schools dedicated to furthering research , practice and policy in these areas .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	52	The total financial magnitude of all activities amounted to $ 114 million . Of this , some 20 per cent was covered from contributions that are made to UNV directly ( Special Voluntary Fund , cost sharing , trust funds , full funding arrangements and direct contributions relating to United Nations peace keeping activities ) . The remaining 80 per cent was covered by direct charges to United Nations programmes and other United Nations organizations , including UNDP .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	40	Responding to specific questions on which the Special Rapporteur had asked for comments , he said that his delegation agreed that electronic communications should be allowed for reservations , but that the reservation should be confirmed in writing . In keeping with the spirit of the rule , the date of the reservation should be the date on which it was transmitted by the chosen electronic method . A decision must also be taken on how the guidelines should deal with the question of transmittal of objections to reservations .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	66	The Republic of Belarus welcomes the adoption on 12 March 2002 of Security Council resolution 1397 ( 2002 ) concerning the situation in the Middle East , including the question of Palestine . The vision of the Middle East approved by the Security Council as a region where two States , Israel and Palestine , will peacefully coexist within secure and recognized borders , is in keeping with the position of the Republic of Belarus on the Middle East conflict . We fully support the demand made in the resolution for the immediate cessation of violence , including terrorist acts , and the call to the parties to the conflict to cooperate in the implementation of the Tenet plan and the Mitchell report with the aim of resuming peace negotiations on a political settlement .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	34	They would be exploring the reasons for a voting pattern that had turned out to be at odds with the views of the political leadership . They had asked that the New Zealand Government keep the current package of the draft constitution and draft treaty on the table in the meantime , intending to re-engage in discussions with New Zealand and the United Nations after a period of reflection and discussion . New Zealand had noted that the Special Committee 's emissary favoured such an approach and suggested that , while there would be no change of status for Tokelau in the immediate future , it should not be ruled out for all time .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	44	I am aware of concerns relating to the number of thematic issues brought to the Council 's attention in recent years . Given the daily threat to civilians in many conflicts around the world , however , I believe that it is critical to keep this important issue high — and firmly — on the Council 's agenda . It is important that decisive and timely action be taken to end the suffering of millions of innocent victims of warfare , including many women and children .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	36	As far as our international relations are concerned , I would like to mention the significant progress made in the process of finding a peaceful resolution to the historical dispute between ourselves and Belize . In keeping with the principles of peaceful settlement of disputes between States , we have confirmed with deeds our commitment to dialogue as the way of settling disputes . The commission of facilitators appointed last year , within the framework of the regional organization to which both States belong , the Organization of American States , will soon submit its report .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	88	Brazil specifically noted the State 's recognition of the importance of setting up , as early as possible , a national commission for human rights and a human rights office in the country , and called on the international community to consider technical assistance and financial support in building such institutions as well as in providing human rights education programmes and awareness-raising activities . In the spirit of the upcoming Review Conference on racism , racial discrimination , xenophobia and related intolerance , Brazil recommended that the Government keep working with OHCHR on this theme as they enter the final phase of the preparatory process for the Conference . Brazil recommended that the Government work towards accomplishing the human rights goals set by the Council in its resolution 9/12 and also towards strengthening its public policy to guarantee the rights of the child , with special attention to children without parental care .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	42	Requests the action line facilitators and the regional commissions to establish and keep open channels of communication with all stakeholders and include information on their implementation efforts in their respective reports , as appropriate ; Invites all stakeholders to establish and/or to keep open channels of communication with the action line facilitators and/or the regional commissions and to report to them on their implementation efforts , so that such efforts may be appropriately reflected and the relevant knowledge , practices and outcomes shared for the benefit of all ; Recommends that the Summit cluster of events be held annually in Geneva back to back with the World Information Society Day , observed on 17 May , and close enough to the session of the Commission to allow for the scheduling in the Commission agenda of an interactive dialogue with the regional commissions and another with the leading facilitating agencies , both of which should include the participation of all Summit stakeholders and serve as a linkage between implementation and follow-up .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	53	Having considered the report of the Commission on the work of the first part of its fortieth session , Reiterating its concern that activities undertaken by other bodies in the field of international trade law without adequate coordination with the Commission might lead to undesirable duplication of efforts and would not be in keeping with the aim of promoting efficiency , consistency and coherence in the unification and harmonization of international trade law , Reaffirming the mandate of the Commission , as the core legal body within the United Nations system in the field of international trade law , to coordinate legal activities in this field , in particular to avoid duplication of efforts , including among organizations formulating rules of international trade , and to promote efficiency , consistency and coherence in the modernization and harmonization of international trade law , and to continue , through its secretariat , to maintain close cooperation with other international organs and organizations , including regional organizations , active in the field of international trade law ,
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	51	Mr. De la Fortelle ( France ) ( spoke in French ) : I take the floor in explanation of vote on draft resolution A/C.1/57/L.17 . The draft resolution submitted this year by South Africa on behalf of the Movement of Non-Aligned Countries does not seem to us to be in keeping with the Final Document adopted at the International Conference on the Relationship between Disarmament and Development held in 1987 . A consensus emerged at that time to adopt a realistic approach to the issue , an approach that France has always supported .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	48	Social , environmental and economic sustainability were complementary , and he reiterated that the knowledge of United Nations organizations could help states achieve national development goals . 103. The Administrator went on to discuss the essential role states had in ensuring economic and social development , stability and keeping the peace , and the need to invest in the capacities of leadership and state institutions to do so . He emphasized the value of states working as enablers and facilitators between civil society , the private sector and international development partners to advance national development agendas .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	51	Every country needs to establish its own balanced approach in order to avoid a lopsided development focus when using aid to achieve the internationally agreed development goals . Since indicators are good servants , but bad masters , the Millennium Development Goals should be seen as tools to enable countries to keep track of progress . In order to achieve improvements in , for example , health , investment is also required in other areas , such as infrastructure and job generation .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	35	Requests the Secretary-General to continue to consult with staff , including staff representatives , in the development of mobility policies ; Requests the International Civil Service Commission , within its mandate , to continue to keep under review the question of mobility in the United Nations common system , including its implications for career development , and to make recommendations to the General Assembly , as appropriate , in the context of its annual reports ; Requests the Secretary-General to take the steps necessary to ensure that mobility is not used as an instrument of coercion against staff and to ensure that appropriate monitoring and accountability measures are in place ;
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	45	The implication of this for the effectiveness of plugging loopholes in traditional modes of funds transfers through the banking system should be examined . The Committee 's work — and , for that matter , the overall global counter-terrorism effort — should continuously evolve to keep ahead of the terrorists . Countries in South-East Asia are pursuing this line .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	76	Sanctions applied in conformity with the Charter of the United Nations were a valuable tool for maintaining or restoring international peace and security but , if they were to be credible and effective , they must be carefully targeted , safeguard the right to due process of the persons concerned and take account of the need to minimize their adverse effects on third States . They must be efficiently applied and monitored , periodically reviewed and kept in place only as long they were needed . The European Union welcomed the substantial progress made on the topic by the Informal Working Group of the Security Council on General Issues of Sanctions , whose report ( S/2006/997 , annex ) contained an impressive list of good practices and methods which would help the Security Council to target sanctions more accurately and effectively .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	53	The cross-reference to draft model provision 11 is intended to remind contracting authorities of the need to refrain from making unnecessary changes to the essential elements of the request for proposals . For purposes of transparency , the contracting authority is required to state in the record of the selection proceedings to be kept pursuant to draft model provision 26 the reasons for any amendment to , or modification in , the elements of the request for proposal under the draft model provision ( A/CN.9/521 , para . Model provision 14. Evaluation criteria
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	72	It also is a blatant violation of several provisions of the Charter of the United Nations , such as Article 24 , which calls for the Security Council to work in keeping with the purposes and principles of the Charter . It is also a violation of Article 1 , paragraph 1 , which states that sanctions and other measures adopted for the maintenance of international peace and security should be in keeping with the principles of international law and justice . The sanctions are a violation of Article 1 , paragraph 2 of the Charter , which deals with respect for the principle of equality among peoples — their equal rights and their right to self-determination — since no sanctions should be imposed that will cause international disagreements that are incompatible with the legal rights of the State or that prejudice the people 's right to self-determination .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	68	State party 's submissions on the admissibility of the communication , and author 's comments 4.1 The State party argues that the communication is inadmissible because it manifestly lacks any basis in article 11 of the Covenant , the sentence having been passed on the author on the grounds not of his failure to meet a contractual obligation but of his failure to fulfil his legal obligation to keep and feed his family . It further states that the fact that this obligation was contained in a document conveying an agreement between the parties does not make the obligation a contractual one , for the obligation itself derives not from that agreement but from the legal obligation on parents to support their children at all times , and on spouses to support each other during the marriage , and even following dissolution if one partner is left without means .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	47	In addition , competition from other multinational organizations and the private sector makes it increasingly difficult to recruit and retain competent staff members in some local markets . The Committee notes the initiative by UNFPA to establish these posts at the national level and recommends that it keep the matter under review to ensure that national officers are used as far as possible , consistent with the efficient operations of the offices . ERP and IPSAS
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	55	The European Union calls on all parties to ensure continued calm and to make progress on the important economic and political reform challenges facing the country . The European Union Special Representative for the South Caucasus , Ambassador Heikki Talvitie , has been in Georgia for the period of the elections , and continues to keep the Council informed of developments there . On Wednesday , 31 March , he is due to visit Adjara .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	84	The United Nations New Agenda for the Development of Africa in the 1990s ( UN-NADAF ) and the United Nations Programme of Action for African Economic Recovery and Development ( UNPAAERD ) were programmes that had Africa 's best interests at heart , but , owing to a variety of reasons , they did not achieve the projected results . The adoption of NEPAD as a framework for interaction with Africa shows that lessons were learned from past failures , that constructive ideals were kept and expanded , that new priorities were identified and that the principles of ownership , accountability and partnership were reaffirmed and accepted . At the same time , the importance of South-South cooperation was highlighted in a spirit of compassion and commitment .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	14	That is our strategy . The Russian representative asked whether they may wish to keep their weapons . Of course they may wish to do so .
keep%2:35:10::	keep.v	34	Please supply examples of any relevant cases . Section 6 ( 1 ) ( a ) of the Extradition Act prohibits the return of a person to a designated country or committed to or kept in custody for the purposes of such return , if the offence of which that person is accused or was convicted of is an offence of a political character . The Extradition Act provides , under sections 5 ( a ) to 5 ( c ) , the definition of what an offence of a political character does not include :
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	28	To build quick deployment capacities , standby arrangements and strategic deployment stocks ought to be strengthened . Resources should be provided to poor nations so that they can keep their pledged standby troop strength ready to deploy . Enough supplies should be stocked at Brindisi to launch two missions at a time , one large and one medium-sized .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	83	The adoption of the regulations governing the work of the conference of heads of security services , law enforcement agencies and the structures for protecting the State borders of the member States of the Organization of Central Asian Cooperation will constitute an important step towards enhancing cooperation in combating contemporary challenges and threats . The heads of State noted , in particular , that the consolidation of peace and stability in Afghanistan and the establishment of good-neighbourly relations with that country are in keeping with the fundamental interests of the Central Asian countries . Joint efforts to restore Afghanistan 's economy and infrastructure will contribute substantially to ensuring regional security and stability .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	57	Recalls the endorsement of the report of the Forum Ministerial Committee on New Caledonia by leaders of the Pacific Islands Forum at its 36th Summit , in October 2005 in Papua New Guinea , and the continuing role of the Forum Ministerial Committee in monitoring developments in the Territory and encouraging closer regional engagements ; Decides to keep under continuous review the process unfolding in New Caledonia as a result of the signing of the Nouméa Accord ; Requests the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples to continue the examination of the question of the Non-Self-Governing Territory of New Caledonia and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its sixty-third session .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	61	We must continue to encourage the parties to move from the brink of total chaos back to the negotiating table . It is my delegation 's firm conviction that it is the Security Council 's responsibility — indeed , its duty — to be engaged on this issue , and that the international community expects no less from the Council in keeping with its mandate for the maintenance of international peace and security . The provisions of the Sharm El-Sheikh agreement and the recommendations of the Mitchell report remain the best basis on which to move the peace process forward .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	105	Before the Islands were able to address the issue of self-government in any form , the United Kingdom had to acknowledge that the people of the Cayman Islands had an inalienable right to self-determination . In light of the fact that since 1831 the Territory had successfully governed itself , with little aid from the United Kingdom , and by its own endeavours had achieved tremendous socio-economic progress and was not fiscally dependent on the United Kingdom , and although it felt that the time for its independence had not yet come , it was entitled to request and receive a Constitution that was in keeping with the will of the people of the Cayman Islands , and possibly one that was similar to that of Bermuda . In December 2002 , the Cayman Ministers Association had indicated that it approached the issue of the Territory 's participation in drawing up a draft constitution with an open mind and accepted the stated intentions of the United Kingdom as genuine and generous in that they gave the Overseas Territories the opportunity to participate fully in the development of their own constitutions .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	63	As indicated in the report of the Secretary-General on the work of the Organization ( A/63/1 ) , peacekeeping is a core function of the United Nations . In paragraph 49 of his report , the Secretary-General urged Member States to maintain a common purpose behind peacekeeping , which requires sustained political engagement with relevant parties so that there is a peace to keep , and the provision of necessary resources to ensure that United Nations peacekeeping can live up to the expectations of it held by those most vulnerable . Recognizing the need for adequate support during all phases of peacekeeping operations , including the liquidation and termination phases , the General Assembly has been mindful that the level of the support account should broadly correspond to the mandate , number , size and complexity of peacekeeping missions .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	22	Welcoming the recent signatures of the Second Optional Protocol by some States , Welcoming the fact that many countries , while still keeping the death penalty in their penal legislation , are applying a moratorium on executions , Referring to the report of the Special Rapporteur on extrajudicial , summary or arbitrary executions ( E/CN.4/2001/9 ) , with respect to the Safeguards guaranteeing protection of the rights of those facing the death penalty , set out in the annex to Economic and Social Council resolution 1984/50 ,
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	60	3.6 Ensure human rights and legal protection of men and women , including policies to halt violence against women , sexual harassment , exploitation and human trafficking , by formulating or strengthening national legislation , litigation systems and international policies , monitoring systems and sanctions ; 3.7 Engage and encourage women to play a significant role in conflict-prevention , peace keeping , and peace-building efforts in countries under stress and in post-conflict regions ; 3.8 Eradicate poverty and hunger throughout the world , especially in rural areas and for rural women , through comprehensive strategic policies based on needs/resources assessment and realistic development approach for poverty eradication , sustained economic growth and sustainable development for all ;
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-sixth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo ” . 92nd plenary meeting 24 December 2001
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	45	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of assistance programmes to the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations decisions relating to decolonization , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling its relevant resolutions ,
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	75	Foremost among these is recognition of the fact that a number of fundamental differences remain and that positions are still far apart as regards the expansion of the Security Council , including the category or categories to be covered by the expansion . It is important for Member States to seriously discuss the different scenarios concerning expansion and try to ascertain whether they really lead to the attainment of the desired objectives and are in keeping with the purposes that we seek to achieve through expansion and the principles that we seek to follow . We wish to mention these purposes in detail , because they concern principles that we are seek to establish and consolidate .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	65	In other words , if within its field of competence , the international organization was faced with new obligations resulting from the exercise of powers conferred on it by its member States , including reparation for an unlawful act connected with those powers , it could ask for supplementary contributions from its members in order to meet those obligations . If those contributions were in keeping with the law of the international organization , the members would have to comply . That did not signify that the members were under an obligation to make reparation to the injured third party or that the latter could institute direct or indirect action against the members .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	54	Requests the Secretary-General to follow the implementation of the present resolution , paying particular attention to cooperation and integration arrangements for maximizing the efficiency of the assistance activities undertaken by various organizations of the United Nations system , and to report thereon to the Council at its substantive session of 2003 ; Decides to keep these questions under continuous review . * In accordance with rule 72 of the rules of procedure of the Economic and Social Council .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	64	While this first report of the Secretary-General explores the efforts being made to implement the Millennium Development Goals in general , it is enriched by a very useful statistical annex that tracks progress in achieving the goals through the use of a common baseline . We thank the Secretary-General for that detailed information , and we hope that it will enable Member States to keep track of yearly progress as we approach 2015 . Finally , I should like to say a word about strengthening the United Nations .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	62	The draft resolution objectively describes the situation and takes into account the interests of Afghanistan . Its provisions will certainly be conducive to the formation of a broad-based , legitimate Government , which in the final analysis , will make it possible to achieve stability in Afghanistan and lead to the establishment of normal , good-neighbourly relations with neighbouring countries , in keeping with the norms of international law . Uzbekistan supports the Agreement that was reached at the Conference in Bonn , held under the auspices of the United Nations , with regard to the settlement of affairs in Afghanistan , and we endorse the formation of the Interim Authority , headed by Mr. Karzai .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	27	( c ) No record was kept of the password history to prevent the user from using the same password ; ( d ) Records were not kept of when the password was last changed ; ( e ) A user could log on to more than one computer at the same time ;
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	102	Expresses its determination to consider further appropriate measures , including under Article 41 of the Charter of the United Nations , if one or both of the parties fail to comply with the demands in paragraphs 1 and 2 above ; Demands that Ethiopia accept fully and without further delay the final and binding decision of the Eritrea-Ethiopia Boundary Commission and take immediately concrete steps to enable , without preconditions , the Commission to demarcate the border completely and promptly and expresses its determination to monitor closely the actions of both parties in relation to the demarcation of the border and to keep this matter under consideration ; Expresses its deep appreciation for the contribution and dedication of the troop-contributing countries to the work of UNMEE and , in light of the risk of further deterioration of the situation , appeals to them to persevere in maintaining their presence and contribution to the activities of UNMEE , despite the immense difficulties which they are facing ;
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	57	But at long last came a time when I broke away from Mother and her society `` chi-chi '' in order to spend a cosy evening with Viola and her chaperon at her home . However , such a hotbed of gossip had grown up during the trial , that every precaution had to be taken to keep my visit from being whispered to the world , Society , and even , alas , to my own mother . When I arrived at Viola 's I was shown , to my surprise , into the kitchen .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	44	In addition , the Office of the Comptroller-General and the Department of Public Prosecution played active roles in combating corruption . The functions of the Office of the Comptroller-General included requesting declarations of assets by persons in accordance with the law ; receiving and keeping those declarations of assets ; undertaking investigations of all activities directly involving public assets in accordance with the Organization Act concerning the Office of the Comptroller-General and the National System of Fiscal Control , as well as other types of investigation mandated by the relevant laws ; and forwarding the results of its investigations and other relevant documents to the Prosecutor-General or to the competent courts . International initiatives
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	30	Its Nadi Declaration strongly condemned the 11 September attacks and terrorism in all its forms . ACP countries want terror to be fought politically , legally and operationally and in keeping with the United Nations Charter . We made the point that the root causes of terrorism , including poverty , underdevelopment and oppression , must be treated .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	29	Emphasizing the importance of transparency and all-inclusiveness of deliberations on United Nations reform ; Stressing that the OIC 's demand for adequate representation in the Security Council is in keeping with the significant demographic and political weight of the OIC Member States , which bears particular importance , not only from the perspective of increased efficiency , but also to ensure the representation of the main forms of civilization in the Security Council ; Reaffirming its principled position that any reform of the Security Council must ensure adequate representation of the OIC Member States in any category of membership in an expanded Security Council ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	18	A summarized version of those results is set out in annex II to the present report . In keeping with the goal of identifying practical next steps to implement the Global Programme of Action , the Meeting agreed that a portion of the ministerial segment would take the form of roundtable discussions focused on what actions would be needed to implement the proposed Beijing declaration . Side events
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	47	In some cases , it is a sign that conflicts are coming to an end , as in Burundi and the Sudan , for example . In many cases , it is a sign of the international community 's willingness to back indigenous efforts in Africa to keep the peace , and those are spurring complementary efforts by the European Union and the Group of Eight . In all cases , it is a sign of confidence that the United Nations can deliver multidimensional peace-building that the international community increasingly understands is necessary for sustainable security .
keep%2:35:10::	keep.v	79	However , in response to questions from Finland and Norway , he expressed disquiet about the discernible tendency of the current Government to consider everyone as the enemy and its use of illegal questioning methods when arresting and detaining alleged offenders . Another concern was that , in spite of the opportunities the Government had been given to comply with the decision handed down by the Supreme Court to release given individuals , it had used legal manoeuvres to keep them in detention . The procedural guarantees that the Government claimed for those individuals appeared not to be applicable .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	27	Therefore , audits of NEX projects would continue to be based on the disbursements reported in the combined delivery reports for those projects . The Board would keep the matter under review in the current audit cycle . International Criminal Tribunal for the Prosecution of Persons Responsible for Genocide and Other Serious Violations of International Humanitarian Law Committed in the Territory of Rwanda and Rwandan Citizens Responsible for Genocide and Other Such Violations Committed in the Territory of Neighbouring States between 1 January and 31 December 1994
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	71	In connection with paragraph 2 , it was agreed that the words in square brackets “ it is not feasible for the contracting authority ” should be deleted and that the words “ the contracting authority does not deem it to be feasible ” should be retained without the square brackets . It was suggested that , for purposes of transparency and accountability , the contracting authority should be required to keep minutes of any meeting convened or discussion held with bidders , indicating the questions raised by bidders and clarifications provided by the contracting authority . The Working Group agreed with that suggestion and requested the drafting group to formulate appropriate additional language to that effect to be included in paragraph 3 , subparagraph ( b ) .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	8	The Commission decided : ( a ) To keep performance management under continuing review ; ( b ) To request its secretariat to upgrade the performance management guidelines set out by the Commission in 1997 , with emphasis on the culture and environment and the leadership that must come from the top level of each organization ;
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	51	On 20 March 2002 , in administrative instruction ST/AI/2002/3 on the PAS , it was noted that the relevant Executive or Personnel Office was responsible for ensuring that PAS records appear in IMIS . Manual data maintained by departments or offices and sent to the Office of Human Resources Management is kept at the aggregate level and not categorized by gender , level or nationality and is therefore not useful for analytical purposes . It is noted that enhancements are being implemented to the PAS in 2002 and the importance of keeping complete electronic data on the IMIS system for each individual for the purpose of future analysis is stressed .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	53	The Cyprus ISBN Centre started its function in 1983 , thus facilitating the identification of the original work and its publication date . The Research Promotion Foundation collaborates with the Department of Registrar and Official Receiver ( Ministry of Commerce , Industry and Tourism ) which is the competent authority in Cyprus for keeping the register of Patents , Trade Marks and Industrial Designs and provides information to all researchers regarding the protection of Intellectual Property Rights . What steps has your Government taken for the conservation , development and diffusion of science and culture ?
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	22	Welcoming the recent signatures of the Second Optional Protocol by some States , Welcoming the fact that many countries , while still keeping the death penalty in their penal legislation , are applying a moratorium on executions , Referring to the report of the Special Rapporteur on extrajudicial , summary or arbitrary executions ( E/CN.4/2001/9 ) , with respect to the Safeguards guaranteeing protection of the rights of those facing the death penalty , set out in the annex to Economic and Social Council resolution 1984/50 ,
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	90	The major functions of licensing and record-keeping are usually : the enforcement or administration of user screening to deny access to individuals who are not qualified to use explosives safely , or who represent an unacceptable risk of criminal misuse ; and the creation of records that serve as evidence in the case of wrongdoing , thereby establishing a deterrent . The survey did not request details of domestic record-keeping systems , but these may vary widely in terms of the nature of the records kept , how they are kept and the extent to which they are actually available for use and are used to support effective controls on access to explosives . Generally , licences and corresponding records can simply identify an individual to vendors and appropriate officials as a person who is permitted to acquire or possess explosives , or they can serve as the basis for more elaborate records , such as files indicating whether an individual has acquired explosives , and , if so , what ultimately became of them .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	60	Affirming the importance of addressing the question of remedies and reparation for victims of gross violations of international human rights law and serious violations of international humanitarian law in a systematic and thorough way at the national and international levels , Recognizing that , in honouring the victims ' right to benefit from remedies and reparation , the international community keeps faith with the plight of victims , survivors and future human generations and reaffirms international law in the field , Recalling the adoption of the Basic Principles and Guidelines on the Right to a Remedy and Reparation for Victims of Gross Violations of International Human Rights Law and Serious Violations of International Humanitarian Law by the Commission on Human Rights in its resolution 2005/35 of 19 April 2005 and by the Economic and Social Council in its resolution 2005/30 of 25 July 2005 , in which the Council recommended to the General Assembly that it adopt the Basic Principles and Guidelines ,
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	27	( b ) Thirty per cent ( 30 % ) for enforcement programmes ; ( c ) Ten per cent ( 10 % ) for the safe keeping and maintenance of confiscated property . Article 88. Perishable goods may be sold by the Institute before the final ruling is handed down in the respective criminal proceedings , in accordance with the regulations of the Institute ; for such purpose , an expert appraisal shall be conducted by the competent office of the Ministry of Finance .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	72	Recognizing that reliable and comparable data on the production and the international trade in rough diamonds are an essential tool for the effective implementation of the Certification Scheme , and in particular for identifying any irregularities or anomalies which could indicate that conflict diamonds are entering the legitimate trade , Participants strongly support the following principles , taking into account the need to protect commercially sensitive information : ( a ) To keep and publish within two months of the reference period and in a standardized format , quarterly aggregate statistics on rough diamond exports and imports , as well as the numbers of Certificates validated for export , and of imported shipments accompanied by Certificates ; ( b ) To keep and publish statistics on exports and imports , by origin and provenance , wherever possible , by carat weight and value , and in accordance with the relevant Harmonized Commodity Description and Coding System classifications 7102.10 , 7102.21 and 7102.31 ;
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	78	In order to further enhance the discussion on the report of the Commission , it may be worthwhile to explore the possibility that the informal meeting of Legal Advisers identifies in advance of its meetings one or two topics on the agenda of the Commission which could be a subject of detailed discussion in such a forum , and where possible with the presence of the Special Rapporteur for the topic concerned . The Planning Group agreed to keep under review the possibility of the Commission convening a part of its session in New York . Working Group on Long-term Programme of Work
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	22	If no offer to host is made , COP 12 and COP/MOP 2 will be held in Bonn , Germany . In keeping with the rotation among regional groups , the President of COP 12 will come from the African Group . Action : The COP may wish to invite the President to undertake consultations on the issue .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	45	On the shores north and south , the fishers and mooncursers - smugglers - lived along the churning Great South Bay and the narrow barrier of sand , Fire Island . The morning hawk , hungry for any eatable , killable , digestible item , kept his eyes on the ring of anchored ships that lay off the shores in the bay , sheltered by the Jersey inlets . They often threw tidbits overboard .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	49	As distinct from standard and ad hoc inspections , which are internally oriented , operational reviews examine UNHCR 's role and positioning in the wider external context specifically in relation to the pursuit of durable solutions . This new dimension to the work of the IGO is also in keeping with the recent reform proposals of the Secretary-General on the strengthening of partnerships by the United Nations . Where appropriate , staff from other units with relevant expertise not available within the IGO , are included in inspection teams .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	76	More specifically , with regard to the “ definition ” exercise which the Commission undertook in 1998 and 1999 , most delegations expressing views on the matter felt that it was useful and even very important , even if some believed that the exercise should not stop there . This conclusion is obvious ; however , as some delegates noted and as the Special Rapporteur again pointed out when he addressed the Sixth Committee , in keeping with the welcome practice instituted in 1997 , the definition of reservations on the one hand and their permissibility on the other must not be confused. It is only by determining precisely whether or not a particular unilateral statement constitutes a reservation that it is possible to apply — or not apply — the legal regime for reservations , and thus to assess permissibility . That is also why almost all delegations supported the intention of the Special Rapporteur to define interpretative declarations in relation to reservations and to conduct a parallel study of the legal regimes applying to each .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	53	( c ) Also approves the donation of assets of the Mission with an inventory value of 6 , 911 , 400 dollars and corresponding residual value of 1 , 967 , 900 dollars to the African Union in support of the African Union Mission in Somalia ; ( d ) Decides to keep under review during its sixty-third session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Mission in Ethiopia and Eritrea ” . Sixty-third session
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	42	The world continues to draw strength from the courage and determination of its people to reconcile their differences and build a more inclusive society . We thank the Government of South Africa for its leadership and hospitality , and we pledge to keep working with it to promote and protect all human rights and freedoms . As well , we will continue to look to the United Nations as the primary venue for discussion and action on these important issues .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	43	CRC was concerned about the lack of formal asylum and protection procedures in Aruba . CRC was also concerned that the determination and rejection of a significant and increasing proportion of applications for refugee status through the 48-hour accelerated procedure were not in keeping with international standards , while CERD was concerned about the possible risks which the return of a large number of failed asylum-seekers may entail . CAT was particularly concerned that , inter alia , the 48-hour time frame of the accelerated procedure may not allow asylum-seekers to properly substantiate their claims ; the accelerated procedure requires asylum-seekers to submit supporting documentation that they are “ reasonably expected to possess ” , leaving a wide margin of discretion in relation to the burden of proof .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	105	I have just said that what we have just completed , at least in principle , would of course be subject to confirmation from capitals , where it would be discussed and then would come back for us to put our stamp on it , so to speak. But if members look at the proposal as amended — “ Practical confidence-building measures in the field of conventional weapons ” — they will note , I think , that it is still open . If we agree to delete the word “ including ” , and not to list what should be included so as to keep the door open , then perhaps — and I am not certain , so members should feel free to correct me — there will be an opportunity to raise other issues dear to the hearts of delegations in terms of their policies or matters that have not yet been the subject of adequate attention on the disarmament agenda . I apologize for not repeating myself clearly , but what we are trying to do here is to prepare a sort of broad framework .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	67	At Kisangani this pillaging has remained the same , while in Ituri it has taken on other aspects but maintains the basic operating premise . I welcome the final report now under consideration because it describes the massive training by the Ugandan armed forces in that region of young people for the purpose of perpetuating the disorder once their troops have left , in order to justify keeping them in Congolese territory and perpetuating the pillaging . At the beginning of this month , the Tanzanian authorities intercepted a cargo of 36 tons of coltan , which Rwanda intended to ship through the port of Dar es Salaam .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	39	The Rector , who normally serves for five years and is eligible for reappointment for one more term of five years , is the chief academic and administrative officer of the University . The funds of the University are kept in a special account established by the Secretary-General of the United Nations . The charter of the United Nations University provides that capital and recurrent costs of the University shall be met from voluntary contributions to the University or from income derived therefrom .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	35	These differing approaches were as much a debate about the past as they were about the future . It was clear that the only practical way out was one that allowed both sides essentially to keep their views of the situation prior to the entry into force of the agreement and their views of the way in which the new state of affairs would come into being , while leaving no doubt regarding the legal situation for the future . To achieve this , the settlement needed to provide elements of continuity for both sides into the new state of affairs. The settlement also needed to be the source of legitimacy for all matters in the future .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	34	In addition , the ICBL released its 10 Guiding Principles for Victim Assistance to provide a framework for all concerned actors to plan , implement , monitor and evaluate victim assistance activities . In keeping with Action # 38 of the Nairobi Action Plan , at least 11 landmine survivors participated in the April 2007 meetings of the Standing Committees , including one who was a member of the delegation of a State Party . In keeping with Action # 39 of the Nairobi Action Plan , at least 17 States Parties included relevant health , rehabilitation , social services or disability professionals in their delegations to the April 2007 meetings of the Standing Committees .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	124	On 8 September 2000 , in its resolution 55/2 , the General Assembly adopted the United Nations Millennium Declaration , which , in paragraph 9 , includes the pledge to take “ concerted action against international terrorism , and to accede to all the relevant international conventions ” . On 12 December 2000 , the General Assembly adopted resolution 55/158 , entitled “ Measures to eliminate international terrorism ” , in which it decided that its Ad Hoc Committee on international terrorism should continue to elaborate a comprehensive convention on international terrorism and should continue its efforts to resolve the outstanding issues relating to the elaboration of a draft international convention for the suppression of acts of nuclear terrorism , and that it should keep on its agenda the question of convening a high-level conference on terrorism . The Ad Hoc Committee met from 12 to 23 February 2001 and continued its work on the above-mentioned items , building upon the work accomplished during the fifty-fifth session of the General Assembly within the framework of a working group of the Sixth Committee .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	38	Draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.62 : United Nations Decade for Human Rights Education , 1995-2004 The text of the draft resolution , which had been submitted every year since the start of the Decade , had been significantly streamlined in keeping with the aim of ensuring efficiency , but the focus remained on highlighting and supporting the Decade as a mechanism to promote and facilitate human rights education as a key element in the full realization of human rights . Draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.47 : Strengthening United Nations action in the field of human rights through the promotion of international cooperation and the importance of non-selectivity , impartiality and objectivity
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	48	The selection of the two substantive items on the Commission 's agenda , which was adopted yesterday , turned into a long and tortuous process that could be completed only just prior to the opening of the Commission 's session . Looking to the future , we must keep working to find a more efficient mechanism for selecting Commission items in order to avoid the excessive exhaustion that characterizes the present system . This session of the Commission will be innovative in various other aspects related to General Assembly decision 52/492 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	43	The Special Representative of the Secretary-General , Mr. Steiner , is well known as a very energetic and persistent person who is able to get results . We hope that all of these qualities will be demonstrated actively in Kosovo — strictly in keeping , of course , with resolution 1244 ( 1999 ) . We think that in April the Security Council should carry out a comprehensive assessment of the implementation of that resolution , with the participation of the Special Representative .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	35	At the Sixth Meeting , the States Parties agreed to hold the Seventh Meeting of the States Parties in Geneva from 18 to 22 September 2006 . To prepare for the Seventh Meeting , in keeping with past practice , at the May 2006 meeting of the Standing Committee on the General Status and Operation of the Convention a provisional agenda , provisional programme of work , draft rules of procedure and draft cost estimates were presented . Based upon discussions at that meeting , it was the sense of the Co-Chairs of the Standing Committee on the General Status and Operation of the Convention that these documents were generally acceptable to the States Parties to be put before the Seventh Meeting for adoption .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Force in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its sixty-second session , under the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations peacekeeping forces in the Middle East ” , the sub-item entitled “ United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon ” . A/61/829 , A/61/870 and Corr.1 and A/61/883 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	117	( i ) The experts recognized that the eradication of poverty was vital to the elimination of all forms of discrimination and concluded that greater efforts must be made by the international community to provide sufficient resources to that end . The experts appealed to States parties to the Convention to apply its provisions fully , and in this respect take into account the anti-discrimination agenda adopted at the World Conference against Racism , Racial Discrimination , Xenophobia and Related Intolerance in fulfilling their obligations ; ( m ) On the issue of updating international standards , the experts indicated that a study on this subject would be useful in facilitating their consideration of this issue , keeping in mind the deliberations of the Intergovernmental Working Group on the Effective Implementation of the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action . The experts expressed their conviction that the fight against racial discrimination had been a core mandate of the United Nations since its founding .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	36	This approach ensures a high degree of predictability of financial flows in the medium term while permitting full alignment with national sectoral priorities and preserving the necessary flexibility throughout the duration of the ICP . In keeping with the spirit and the letter of the Paris Declaration on Aid Effectiveness , Luxembourg 's cooperation programme takes the view that the appropriateness of opting for direct budgetary assistance must be weighed on a case-by-case basis , in the light of such criteria as transparency of management mechanisms and actual capacity in social sectors to absorb such assistance . Contributions to sectoral and/or regional funds in some partner countries are currently being considered in the context of the implementation of second-generation ICPs .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	30	This modality has financing from national and international institutions working for the benefit of children ; ( c ) In adult education there are formal and informal modalities , in keeping with the specific needs and characteristics of young people and adults . ( d ) An important aspect of education is the Environmental Education Programme , whose aim is to contribute to shaping skills , attitudes , habits and values among students that make it possible to achieve ecological harmony with nature , fostering sustainable development in the home , school and community .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	22	Welcoming the recent signatures of the Second Optional Protocol by some States , Welcoming the fact that many countries , while still keeping the death penalty in their penal legislation , are applying a moratorium on executions , Referring to the report of the Special Rapporteur on extrajudicial , summary or arbitrary executions ( E/CN.4/2001/9 and Corr.1 ) , with respect to the Safeguards guaranteeing protection of the rights of those facing the death penalty , set out in the annex to Economic and Social Council resolution 1984/50 ,
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	31	The Assembly also considered the adequacy of resources in the Budget Section of the Registry . It decided to retain the current provision , in the knowledge that the Registrar would keep that issue under future review , and would take any necessary measures bearing in mind his powers to transfer posts and resources within major programme 3 . Major programme 4 Secretariat of the Assembly of States Parties
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	68	This critical training is a core function to be carried out under the leadership of the Office of Human Resources Management and the Department of Management , and should be funded , in the first instance , from the funds approved for training in the regular budget . Secondly , the Committee discourages ad hoc training that could introduce concepts and approaches that might not be fully in keeping with the evolving United Nations results-based budgeting concepts and procedures as embodied in resolutions of the General Assembly ( see , for example , resolutions 53/205 of 18 December 1998 and 55/231 ) . V.41 The Advisory Committee notes that the mechanism for coordination , as explained in paragraph 17.8 of the proposed programme budget , includes playing a proactive role in the Regional Coordination Meeting and its 10 thematic working groups , which are given issue-oriented and time-bound tasks for the formulation and implementation of joint programmes and activities .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	9	Fight against impunity . The Government should continue to keep the protection and promotion of human rights high on its agenda and investigate human rights violations and bring perpetrators to justice . The protection of victims and witnesses against retaliation should also be a priority .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	82	Most of the Team 's contacts agree that the minimum information required for a basic check of the List is a full name , date ( or at least year ) of birth and , if possible , citizenship ; for a check of money transfers , a name and an address are essential . While it is understandable that no list of semi-clandestine Taliban and Al-Qaida associates is likely to be rich in detail , the Team questions the purpose of keeping entries on the List that have limited or no operational value . The Committee has always urged States to provide as much detail as possible when submitting a name for listing , and has called on them to use the cover sheet , which provides both a template for and guidance on what is required .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	49	In the highlands , for example , women 's skills in gardening were heavily used in tending the coffee trees , thus extending their labour from subsistence gardening to cash cropping . However , women 's contribution to the cash economy had very little cash returns because the men kept most of the money earned from the sale of coffee . When the growth of towns created a demand for fruits and vegetables , village women who grew these could sell their produce , but their earnings were minimal compared to the men 's earnings .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	67	In addition , in keeping with Action # 24 of the Nairobi Action Plan , States Parties should continue using the International Mine Action Standards as a frame of reference to establish national standards and operating procedures . ( vii ) Given the advances made in the field of mine risk education , a priority should be placed on applying the relevant International Mine Action Standards in keeping with Action # 21 of the Nairobi Action Plan , particularly by ensuring that all clearance operations have a community liaison component as stipulated by these standards . ( viii ) In accordance with actions # 26 and # 27 of the Nairobi Action Plan , States Parties should ensure an adequate supply and most efficient use of existing technologies to further integrate available technologies into clearance operations .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	75	Article 123 of the Political Constitution of the United Mexican States establishes that within the social security framework , “ Women during pregnancy will not receive work that requires considerable effort and signifies a danger to their health in relation to their pregnancy . They will get a break of six weeks rest before the birth , and six weeks after it , in which they will receive their entire wages or salary , and keep their position and their benefits . In their nursing period , they will have two special breaks each day , of one half hour each , to nurse their babies. ”
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	42	In the hours before the transfer-of-authority ceremony , Government officials informed Joint Special Representative Adada and Force Commander Agwai that it would not agree to the re-hatting of the AMIS personnel . Nevertheless , we proceeded with the re hatting , in keeping with the agreement reached with the AU on the question of accoutrements and on the basis of our understanding that the Government had accepted the blue beret during the Security Council 's visit to Khartoum on 17 June 2006 , when they accepted the Hybrid Operation without conditions . As Council members are aware , the Government accepted the deployment of a hybrid force , which means one force with a single identity .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	111	The Commission on Human Rights , in its resolution 2002/38 , requested the Secretary-General to continue to include the Fund on an annual basis among the programmes for which funds are pledged at the United Nations Pledging Conference for Development Activities and renewed its request to the Secretary-General to transmit to all Governments the appeals of the Commission for contributions to the Fund . The Commission called upon the Board of Trustees of the Fund to report to the Commission at its fifty-ninth session and present an updated assessment of the global need for international funding of rehabilitation services for victims of torture , and requested the Secretary-General to continue to keep the Commission informed of the operations of the Fund on an annual basis . The Commission will have before it the report of the Secretary-General on the Fund submitted to the General Assembly ( A/57/268 ) and updated information for the Commission ( E/CN.4/2003/61 and Add.1 ) .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	36	The Ontario Disability Support Program ( ODSP ) is an income support program outside of the welfare system for people with disabilities . The ODSP helps people with disabilities on a voluntary basis to get and keep a job , and provides access to supports , items and services that are needed for employment . ODSP provides for a centralized adjudication process with fair eligibility criteria for disability .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	109	It has also enjoyed , since last year , the support of the European Union. I have already introduced it to the Committee , and I hope countries will , like every year , join the consensus and that it will be adopted by consensus by the Committee . Mr. Khairat ( Egypt ) : It is my understanding that it has already been announced that the vote on the draft resolution contained in document A/C.1/56/L.51/Rev.1 will be postponed. I believe that consultations are under way between my delegation , the delegation of Mali , other delegations and the sponsors in order to revise the draft text , in keeping with the Bamako Declaration and the Programme of Action. My understanding is that an announcement of postponement has already been made . The Chairman : I would simply say yes , I made an announcement at the beginning , but I made another announcement saying that the sponsors are ready to take action on this .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	29	All nations must promote the implementation of the outcomes of major conferences held in Doha , Monterrey , Madrid and Johannesburg . The international community must work hard to keep every land area on the planet , because of the fast-growing world population . The rising sea level would not only result in the loss of land but would also cause shortages of fresh water .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	35	Stock balances At UNMIT , contingents did not submit the weekly reports of stock balances that would enable the Chief of Rations to monitor the supply of rations , while at UNOCI , the record keeping was unsatisfactory in respect of three military contingents . The Board recommends that the management of UNMIT and of UNOCI , respectively , ensure that contingents submit weekly reports of stock balances and improve their record keeping for rations .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	74	The African Group reaffirms its belief in the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons ( NPT ) as a vital instrument in the maintenance of international peace and security . The Group endorses the 13 practical steps adopted at the 2000 NPT Review Conference for systematic and progressive efforts to implement the unequivocal commitment undertaken by the nuclear-weapon States to accomplish the total elimination of their arsenals , leading to nuclear disarmament in keeping with article VI of the Treaty . The Group wishes to express its regret at the failure of the 2005 NPT Review Conference to produce a meaningful outcome .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	49	I can not conclude my statement without appealing fervently to the Council to show commitment to the protracted conflict in Somalia equal to that it is showing with respect to Darfur . In spite of the initiative of the African Union in mobilizing troops from among member nations to keep the peace in that highly volatile area and the ready offer of some States such as Ghana to contribute troops , promised support thus far from partners in the international community to equip and airlift the troops has been inadequate and slow in coming . The Security Council must therefore step in with timeous assistance .
keep%2:31:00::	keep.v	31	If you really insist on knowing their names , an excellent book on the North American species is Bumblebees and Their Ways by O. E. Plath . If we manage to keep track of a Bombus queen after she has left her feeding place , we may discover the snug little hideout which she has fixed up for herself when she woke up from her winter sleep . As befits a queen , a bumblebee female is rather choosy and may spend considerable time searching for a suitable nesting place .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	51	It is recommended that the States Parties reaffirm the understanding that anti-personnel mines retained for training and development purposes in accordance with Article 3 should be kept to the minimum number absolutely necessary and be numbered in the hundreds or thousands , and not in the tens of thousands . In keeping with the legal obligation to report on anti-personnel mines retained under Article 3 , it is recommended that States Parties be encouraged to include information on the intended purpose and actual use of such mines in their Article 7 reports and to inform the SC-GSO accordingly Recommendations ( Article 7 ) :
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	56	Currently , there is no Administrative Assistant in the Civil Affairs Office to provide administrative support . The incumbent would respond to requests and inquiries for information , draft and finalize correspondence , set up and maintain records and files , process and monitor various requisitions , service contracts , payment vouchers and travel authorizations , keep minutes of meetings , manage internal databases , take follow-up action on correspondence between the Force headquarters , the Civil Affairs teams located in the Sectors and the Civil-Military Cooperation Unit and provide general administrative support to the Office . The incumbent would also provide administrative support to the quick-impact project review committee and prepare minutes of meetings , memorandums of understanding and payment requests .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	78	According to the State party , as the complainant had changed his status from that of remand prisoner to that of a prisoner serving a custodial sentence , and bearing in mind the requirements as to investigations in his case or in other similar cases , he was transferred from one prison to another , in accordance with the applicable regulations . The conditions in which the complainant was held , wherever he was held , were in keeping with the prison regulations governing conditions for holding prisoners in order to ensure prisoners ' physical and moral safety . The State party points out that prisoners ' rights are scrupulously protected in Tunisia , without any discrimination , whatever the status of the prisoner , in a context of respect for human dignity , in accordance with international standards and Tunisian legislation .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	72	( b ) To continue to consider , on a priority basis , the question of the implementation of the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations related to assistance to third States affected by the application of sanctions under Chapter VII of the Charter by commencing a substantive debate on all of the related reports of the Secretary-General and the proposals submitted on the question ; ( c ) To keep on its agenda the question of the peaceful settlement of disputes between States ; ( d ) To continue to consider proposals concerning the Trusteeship Council in the light of the report of the Secretary-General submitted in accordance with General Assembly resolution 50/55 of 11 December 1995 , the report of the Secretary-General entitled “ Renewing the United Nations : a programme for reform ” and the views expressed by States on this subject at previous sessions of the Assembly ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	92	The Belarus delegation believes that the model and the contents of the table that was drawn up at the sixty-second session on the status of implementation of the provisions of previously adopted resolutions on the revitalization of the work of the General Assembly should serve as a point of departure for work on that issue at this current session of the General Assembly . Now , we can see better what the Secretariat and Member States need to work on jointly to ensure that the role of the General Assembly is in keeping with the lofty status of the United Nations accorded by its Charter . The table clearly shows those areas and decisions where progress has been absent or insignificant .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	53	One limitation was that Forum members were not remunerated for their work , making it necessary for them to have other professional duties . With respect to the relations between the Permanent Forum and the work of United Nations agencies at country level , it was noted that there was a need to keep working on strengthening the interaction between the global , regional and country levels . The Support Group reiterated its recommendation that the Forum increase its regional focus .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	60	He would also like to draw the attention of the Commission on Human Rights to the recommendations made by Amnesty International to Governments and companies in 2001 ( annex II ) . The Special Rapporteur fully believes in the necessity of keeping the study ongoing , and hopes that the Commission on Human Rights will continue to request him to keep this issue under consideration . ( presented by the Commission )
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	53	Similar restrictions on the strength of the Army National Guard contained in the 1960 Department of Defense Appropriation Act should likewise be dropped . I strongly recommend to the Congress the avoidance of mandatory floors on the size of the reserve components so that we may have the flexibility to make adjustments in keeping with military necessity . I again proposed a reduction in the Army National Guard and Army Reserve - from their present strengths of 400000 and 300000 , respectively , to 360000 and 270000 by the end of the fiscal year 1961 .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	10	Backstage was tomb like by contrast . Andy 's co-workers kept their distance , awed by the tragedy . But in his dressing room was a large bouquet and a card that read , `` We 're with you all the way '' .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	45	For ethnic women in Rattanakiri and Mondulkiri , the Departments of Culture and Fine Arts in both provinces have also encouraged for the ethnically traditional weaving handicrafts so as to create jobs for them . In the future , the Royal Government is going to keep implementing the peacefully cultural society development policy aimed at turning the Kingdom of Cambodia into Khmer Culture Dissemination Center in order to give equal education between women and men , jobs for women and for poverty alleviation in Khmer society . Under the strategy to extend schools closer to their houses since 2001 , there are 6 , 742 schools in the rural areas and 546 schools in the remote areas ( female poor students from the remote areas , the areas meeting difficulties and ethnic minorities ) .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	46	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of programmes of assistance for the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations decisions relating to decolonization , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly ,
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	52	Thus , it is our hope that the Arab follow-up committee of the Arab initiative will have created a positive atmosphere leading to an international conference to be held under international supervision to achieve peace in the Middle East . It is also our hope that the United States of America will keep its promise regarding the establishment of the Palestinian State on national soil , with Holy Jerusalem as its capital , based on the principles of total sovereignty , viability , and return of refugees ; and we hope that the solution will be widened to include total Israeli withdrawal from the Golan and the Sheba'a farms . We emphasize the importance of the participation of all the parties concerned in the international conference to be held soon .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	39	Free and open licences are designed to prevent or discourage the transformation of FOSS into proprietary software . The reasoning is that if developers choose to distribute a program as free/open source , they may have an interest in keeping it , and any derivations and improvements , free and open as well . The worst reward for their work would be to have another developer hijack and redistribute the software with a proprietary licence .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	100	Also recalling with satisfaction the adoption by the Review Conference of the States Parties to the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons Which May Be Deemed to Be Excessively Injurious or to Have Indiscriminate Effects , on 13 October 1995 of the Protocol on Blinding Laser Weapons ( Protocol IV ) , and on 3 May 1996 of the amended Protocol on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Mines , Booby Traps and Other Devices ( Protocol II ) , Recalling that the States parties at the Review Conference declared their commitment to keeping the provisions of Protocol II under review in order to ensure that the concerns regarding the weapons it covers are addressed , and that they would encourage the efforts of the United Nations and other organizations to address all problems of landmines , Recalling also the role played by the International Committee of the Red Cross in the elaboration of the Convention and the Protocols thereto ,
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	55	Indeed , our hope for a world without AIDS will be real , but only if the Assembly 's political will is made equally real and firm , and if the Assembly 's commitment is total and if its promises are kept . We all have much work to do and we have promises to keep . When we return in five years to assess how well we have done , we will not be lamenting our failures , but rather celebrating the achievement of what has been accomplished .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	19	In all those events , the message that the organizers choose to convey will have crucial significance . In keeping with the new developmental approach to Chernobyl , it is important that commemorative events are forward-looking and focus on identifying solutions to the challenges that Chernobyl-affected communities face . As important as it is to honour the sacrifice and losses of the past , the best way to attract and keep fresh international attention will be by identifying a way forward on Chernobyl .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	93	Mr. Degia ( Barbados ) : My delegation wishes to draw attention to its explanation of vote delivered on 20 November in the Third Committee on draft resolution A/C.3/63/L.19/Rev.1 , entitled “ Moratorium on the use of the death penalty ” ( resolution 63/168 ) . That explanation also applies to draft resolution I , just adopted , and outlines the position of the Government of Barbados on the death penalty , namely , that capital punishment is lawful under international law and must be seen as an internal matter , fully in keeping with the provisions of the United Nations Charter and all of the human rights treaties to which Barbados is a party . Mr. Llanos ( Chile ) ( spoke in Spanish ) : I am taking the floor on behalf of the 89 sponsors of draft resolution I , entitled “ Moratorium on the use of the death penalty ” .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	78	That is the only way for the United Nations to succeed . A tiny nation like Haiti — of 27 , 000 square kilometres and 9 million inhabitants , where the average number of children per mother is 4.7 and which lacks the institutional and material infrastructure it needs — can not and will not resolve its problems merely because a contingent of military forces from countries of the Common Market of the South ( MERCOSUR ) is keeping the peace . Travelling in the Congo with the troops we recently dispatched , we see exactly the same thing happening : a nation of 2.2 million square kilometres and a population of 50 million does not have a road going from one end of the country to the other .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	50	As at 1 March 2006 , this net remuneration ( net base salary plus post adjustment ) was at the P-3/VIII level . The Commission noted that in November 2000 , the time of the previous survey , the overlap had been at the P-3/V level , and decided to keep this matter under review . The recommended salary scale for the Rome-based organizations shown in annex VI was 12.16 per cent higher than the current scale .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	81	His delegation considered it most important to draw up clear policies to put into practice once and for all the commitments undertaken in the Convention on the Rights of the Child , the special session of the General Assembly on children and other major international conferences and set up the necessary institutional mechanisms for the protection and promotion of the rights of the child . Each country should pursue a child policy suitable to its specific situation and requirements , while keeping its international commitments . It was always the vulnerable groups , in particular children , who were most affected by economic sanctions and blockades arising from interference in the domestic affairs of a country , as well as military occupation , armed conflict , racism and xenophobia. The child issue must not be abused for political purposes .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	76	( b ) To continue to consider , on a priority basis and in an appropriate substantive manner and framework , the question of the implementation of the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations related to assistance to third States affected by the application of sanctions under Chapter VII of the Charter based on all of the related reports of the Secretary-General and the proposals submitted on the question ; ( c ) To keep on its agenda the question of the peaceful settlement of disputes between States ; ( d ) To consider , as appropriate , any proposal referred to it by the General Assembly in the implementation of the decisions of the High-level Plenary Meeting of the sixtieth session of the Assembly in September 2005 that concern the Charter and any amendments thereto ;
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	58	“ 5. Requests the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session a report on the implementation of the present resolution , including recommendations on options for further consideration by the General Assembly of this item upon the completion of the work of the ad hoc committee referred to above ; “ 6. Decides to keep the matter under review and to include in the agenda of its fifty-seventh session a sub-item entitled `Preventing and combating corrupt practices and illegal transfer of funds and repatriation of such funds ' under the item entitled `Sectoral policy questions'. ” At the 40th meeting , on 12 December , the Vice-Chairman of the Committee , Garfield Barnwell ( Guyana ) , introduced a draft resolution , entitled “ Preventing and combating corrupt practices and transfer of funds of illicit origin and returning such funds to the countries of origin ” ( A/C.2/56/L.69 ) , which he submitted on the basis of informal consultations held on draft resolution A/C.2/56/L.26 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	31	It also supported intensified international cooperation to reduce demand and eradicate illicit crops through alternative development and strict control of chemical precursors . She stressed that such cooperation must be in keeping with the principles of the Charter of the United Nations and international law , above all , full respect for the sovereignty and territorial integrity of States and non-interference in their internal affairs . The rapid exchange of information was also important for combating and investigating drug-related crimes , especially money-laundering .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	22	I look forward to working with the Council in strengthening even further the cooperation between it and the Secretariat . I shall keep extending my full support to the Security Council and its members for their tireless efforts to make this indispensable organ more efficient , transparent and inclusive . The President ( spoke in French ) : I thank the Secretary-General for his statement .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	70	For a clearer understanding of Kuwait 's democratic system of government , it should be noted that , as indicated in the Explanatory Note on the Constitution , the Constitution viewed this democratic system , which it adopted , as a compromise between the parliamentary and presidential systems but with a more pronounced tendency towards the former given the fact that the presidential system was intended for republics . In keeping with the intrinsic principles of democracy , Kuwait 's system of government has adopted the firmly established constitutional concept of the separation of powers , each being required to cooperate with the others but without being permitted to relinquish all or any part of its jurisdiction as defined in the Constitution . The Kuwaiti Constitution , which consists of five chapters , devotes a separate chapter ( chapter 4 , consisting of five sections ) , to the question of powers .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	31	The main thrust of his mandate was to support effective follow-up to the recommendations of the study . The tasks ahead were very clearly defined , and the recommendations were in keeping with the spirit of reform of the United Nations . He noted that the Human Rights Council was currently undertaking a review of the mandates of the special mechanisms .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	57	He stated that he did not look at the original inventory list submitted to the Commission and stated that the new inventory list was the correct list of purchases made prior to Iraq 's invasion and occupation of Kuwait . The supplier stated that he did not have any records of these purchases , nor did he keep a written record of his discussions with the claimant in 2000 . The jewellery supplier stated that the new inventory list was based solely on his personal recollection of the claimant 's purchases .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	36	The sides expressed hope that the strengthening of order and the rule of law in the Kodori Gorge will facilitate a full-scale political settlement of the conflict in Abkhazia , Georgia . The sides agreed to keep up consultations on the aforesaid , as well as on other issues . Tbilisi , 27 July 2006
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	20	Above all , let me thank each and every one of you for your commitment . I hope you will keep making that commitment felt here at the United Nations and out there in the world . I wish you all a very productive two-day session .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	46	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of programmes of assistance to the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations resolutions and decisions relating to decolonization , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly ,
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	65	Stressing the importance of constituencies nominating members and alternate members to the Joint Implementation Supervisory Committee who have the required qualifications and sufficient time to serve on the Committee and perform their functions , in order to ensure that the Committee has the necessary expertise in , inter alia , financial , environmental and joint implementation regulatory matters and executive decision-making , To continue to keep the joint implementation management plan under review and make adjustments to it as necessary to ensure the efficient , cost-effective and transparent functioning of joint implementation ; To enhance its interaction with independent entities and designated focal points , as well as stakeholders , as proposed in the joint implementation management plan ; Draft decision to be adopted under agenda item 13 of the Conference of the Parties serving as meeting for the Parties to the Kyoto Protocol at its fourth session .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	47	He also looks after peacekeeping finance and accounts in the Mission , especially in the context of India 's position as one of the largest troop-contributing countries for United Nations peacekeeping operations , with substantial contributions in terms of contingent-owned equipment and troops . This also entails keeping an account of payments and receivables between the Department of Peacekeeping Operations and the Office of the Controller of Defence Accounts of the Government of India . He also serves as India 's representative on the Committee for Programme and Coordination .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	81	“ A person is liable not only for the damage he causes by his own act , but also for that caused by the acts of persons for whom he is responsible or by things that he has under his charge. ” Under the rules laid down by that article and first confirmed by the Cour de Cassation in June 1896 , it suffices that the plaintiff show that he has suffered damage from an inanimate object in the defendant 's keeping for liability to be established . All physical things fall under the article except those that are expressly covered by special rules , such as animals ( article 1385 CC ) , buildings which are falling in ruins ( article 1386 CC ) , motor vehicles ( Law of 5 July 1985 ) . It has been observed that :
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	26	The United Nations country team has offered to provide technical advice to relevant Ministries and the National Planning Commission , as requested . In order to keep in line with Government planning processes , the United Nations country team has requested approval from the Government for a two-year extension , until 2012 , of its United Nations Development Assistance Framework . Observations
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	20	Expresses its support for the declarations of the Ministerial meetings of the Peace Implementation Conference ; Reaffirms its intention to keep implementation of the Peace Agreement and the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina under close review , taking into account the reports submitted pursuant to paragraphs 18 and 21 below , and any recommendations those reports might include , and its readiness to consider the imposition of measures if any party fails significantly to meet its obligations under the Peace Agreement ; Recalls the support of the authorities of Bosnia and Herzegovina for EUFOR and the continued NATO presence and their confirmation that both are the legal successors to SFOR for the fulfilment of their missions for the purposes of the Peace Agreement , its Annexes and Appendices and relevant United Nations Security Council resolutions and can take such actions as are required , including the use of force , to ensure compliance with Annexes 1-A and 2 of the Peace Agreement and relevant United Nations Security Council resolutions ;
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	45	And I wonder whether it is possible that we are going to devote the entire session to informal consultations on these items , on which we were supposed to have agreed before the session began on 5 April . We must spare no effort to keep the Disarmament Commission alive . Any agreement on the items to be considered should take into account General Assembly decision 52/492 , which is our foundation .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	24	The Government still owed arrears of salaries to civil servants . Guinea-Bissau was committed to paying its contributions to the United Nations and would keep the issue of multi-year payment plans under continuous consideration . The Committee was provided with information by the Secretariat concerning the country 's situation .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	45	[ Original : Spanish ] [ 4 June 2009 ] The Colombian Government , respecting the principles enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations , has neither enacted nor applied any unilateral laws or measures against Cuba or any other Member State , in keeping with its policy of respect for international law and commitment to the principles of political independence , the self-determination of peoples and non-intervention and non-interference in the internal affairs of other nations . Consequently , it promotes the independent development of the internal policies of every nation and believes that any measure that undermines economic and commercial development and the well-being of the population should cease .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	21	Above all , we must never lose hope in the Organization 's capacity for reform , its perfectibility . We must keep on working — even harder than before . Then , when the moment of truth comes , we will be ready to seize the opportunity .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	29	During the Camp David summit , an aide to President Clinton denied that Barak wanted to give the Palestinians a large part of Palestinian territory . Israel was to keep 10 per cent of the territory along the Jordanian border , with three early-warning systems in the West Bank and the establishment of a mutilated Palestinian State with no sovereignty . The events of 11 September 2001 led to a humanitarian catastrophe that shook the conscience of the world .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	66	And we must be ready to ensure that access to the aforementioned funds will lead to wide-reaching innovations in the management of public administration , demonstrable by means of indices on efficiency and transparency . Thirdly , international organizations must increasingly realize that economic and social reform must flow from the experience and wisdom of those countries themselves , with their own formulas that are in keeping with their cultural standards and that involve all the representatives of civil society . Fourthly , with growing levels of poverty it is impossible to meet the burden of external debt servicing .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	84	Recognizing that poverty and extreme poverty , unequal income distribution , social exclusion and domestic violence are the main reasons why children and adolescents enter the labour market early , stay on the streets , are economically or sexually exploited , migrate , break the law and are placed at risk , we hereby agree to : ( a ) Continue making every effort significantly to reduce the high levels of poverty and extreme poverty in which parts of our populations live , in keeping with the commitments made at the special session of the General Assembly of the United Nations on the World Summit for Social Development and beyond ( Copenhagen+5 ) and in the Millennium Declaration . ( b ) Continue promoting economic and social policies which strengthen the family as the fundamental basis of our societies and which promote family unity , coexistence and integration .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	45	Additionally , the Special Committee took into consideration the relevant documents of other intergovernmental bodies concerned , to which reference is made in the last preambular paragraph of resolution A/AC.109/2001/29 , adopted on 3 July 2001 . In 1994 , the Special Committee , in keeping with its consistent goal of limiting documentation and streamlining its report to the General Assembly , recommended to the Assembly that , in preparing the general working papers on the Territories , the Secretariat should , where applicable , incorporate under separate headings those sections relating to economic and other activities which affect the interests of the people of the Non-Self-Governing Territories and those on military activities and arrangements in those Territories . By adopting resolution 49/89 of 16 December 1994 , the Assembly approved , inter alia , that recommendation .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	46	The term “ enterprise ” had been used throughout the previous round of surveys and had not caused any difficulties . However , for the sake of clarity , that term could be changed to “ organizations ” if members thought it would be more in keeping with the nature of the non-profit activities that the employers from that sector should represent . Decisions of the Commission
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	35	Introduction The present report is submitted in compliance with the request of the Security Council contained in the presidential statement dated 26 September 2001 ( S/PRST/2001/25 ) , in which the Council requested me to keep it regularly informed of the situation in the Central African Republic and the activities of the United Nations Peacebuilding Support Office ( BONUCA ) in that country . The report covers the period from January to June 2008 and focuses mainly on political , security , socio-economic , humanitarian and human rights developments during that period .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	99	Without wishing to prejudge the outcome of Member States ' deliberations in the Special Committee and other appropriate bodies , including the Fifth Committee and the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions , my consultations to date with Member States appear to indicate near consensus on one stark reality : the United Nations faces a real problem ; the current approach to mounting and sustaining peacekeeping operations in the field will not sustain the explosive growth in the demand for and complexity of those operations without significant change . The ability of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations to keep up with the growing demand is challenged in nearly every dimension : the leadership — dedicated and hard-working — is impossibly overstretched . The Department 's Senior Management Team , comprising a single Under-Secretary-General , two Assistant Secretaries-General , Director-level Military and Police Advisers , a Director of Change Management and a Director for Mine Action , oversee the vast stretch of operations in the field .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	93	On instructions from my Government , I have the honour to inform you of the position of the Republic of Paraguay on the request for the inclusion of a supplementary item in the agenda of the sixty-second session of the General Assembly entitled “ Urging the Security Council to process Taiwan 's membership application pursuant to rules 59 and 60 of the provisional rules of procedure of the Security Council and Article 4 of the Charter of the United Nations ” submitted by a number of States Members of the Organization . In keeping with the principle of universality enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations , and the attributes of statehood , as well as other essential circumstances , Paraguay believes that the international community can not avoid consideration of the aforementioned proposal , which reflects the aspirations of the 23 million people of Taiwan , just as it would do for any other State that met the requirements established in the Charter of the United Nations . Consistent with this policy , Paraguay supported the admission of both the People 's Republic of China and the Republic of China ( Taiwan ) to the World Trade Organization .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	33	The SBI requested the secretariat to compile the complete set of greenhouse gas inventory data for the period 1990-2000 and to make it accessible and searchable via the UNFCCC web site , in keeping with SBSTA conclusions on this subject . National communications from Parties not included
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	53	The Group of Western European and other States would have one additional permanent seat , with the Group of Eastern European States having one additional non-permanent seat . At the appropriate time and in a spirit of unity and solidarity , the African Union will decide upon how to allocate its seats in keeping with the Sirte declaration . Such an expanded Council would more faithfully reflect the realities of today 's world , allow the Council to be more attentive to the aspirations of all Member States and remedy a historic injustice against Africa , which as of today is the only continent without a permanent seat in the Security Council .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	50	The General Budgetary Act for 2002 continues the economic stability policy for another year . With the complete elimination of the fiscal deficit in 2001 , fiscal policy is aiming at new targets. A surplus of 0.2 per cent of gross domestic product ( GDP ) is anticipated , in keeping with the projections of the Stability Programme . The Ministry of Defence is seeking to reconcile two objectives : financing the full professionalization of the armed forces and achieving a balanced budget .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	29	The meetings of the Bureau are open to all the members of the Special Committee . The Special Committee has increasingly relied upon informal consultations , thus striving to keep the number of its formal meetings to a minimum . The Chairman recommends to the Special Committee that it continue to use informal meetings to the maximum extent possible .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	70	Mindful that the Peacebuilding Support Office was intended to be a repository of expertise from across the United Nations system , his delegation shared the concern of the Advisory Committee at the sums requested for the use of outside consultants , and agreed with it that recourse to consultants must be requested in advance and duly justified . It also agreed with the Advisory Committee that travel requirements should be kept to a minimum , in line with the non-operational role of the Support Office . Mr. Ng'ongolo ( United Republic of Tanzania ) asked the Secretariat how it proposed to address the practical problem described by the Advisory Committee in paragraph 8 of its report : that of reconciling the desire of the General Assembly to establish the Peacebuilding Support Office with the need to operate within existing resources and preserve budgetary transparency .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	99	Mr. Benmihidi ( Algeria ) said that Algeria 's long struggle for its own independence had led it to stand in solidarity with the right of all other peoples under colonial domination to decide their own future , and had made it champion the cause of justice over the use of force . Referring to Western Sahara , the last bastion of colonialism in Africa , he observed that Algeria had for more than three decades borne witness to the consequences of that Territory 's military occupation , and had advocated its people 's legitimate right to self-determination in keeping with international law . It had always supported the rapprochement of the two parties , Morocco and the Frente POLISARIO , through direct negotiations , having participated in all the United Nations processes and initiatives to reconcile the Saharawi and Moroccan peoples .
keep%2:31:00::	keep.v	55	On 16 December 1991 , the European Community adopted a Declaration in Brussels in an effort to establish common guidelines , acceptable to all Community members , on the recognition of the territories that had broken away from the former Yugoslavia . Other European States that were not EC members maintained a wait-and-see attitude , keeping a close watch on the EC position . However , events developed at a rather less leisurely pace than had originally been anticipated .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	24	This is expected to result in additional savings of over $ 3 million annually . The Committee welcomes these developments and recommends that UNHCR keep under review the feasibility of transferring more activities to Budapest . The Committee also welcomes the in-kind contribution by the Government of Hungary .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	57	Refugees Urges States to comply with their obligations under international human rights , refugee and humanitarian law relating to refugees , asylum-seekers and displaced persons , and urges the international community to provide them with protection and assistance in an equitable manner and with due regard to their needs in different parts of the world , in keeping with principles of international solidarity , burden sharing and international cooperation to share responsibilities ; ( ADOPTED by WG on 1/8 ) Urges States to take effective steps to protect refugee and internally displaced women and girls from violence and to investigate any such violations and to bring those responsible to justice , in collaboration , where appropriate , with the relevant competent organizations ; ( ADOPTED by WG on 1/8 )
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	38	With respect to leadership , we endorse the Secretary-General 's proposal to create a high-level mechanism to ensure good United Nations leadership on the ground and to support country teams . With respect to coherence , restoring , keeping and building peace and post-conflict reconstruction should go hand in hand . That will require the participation of all entities of the United Nations system .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	38	Peace in the Korean peninsula and in the region would have been seriously disturbed . The Democratic People 's Republic of Korea 's missile development , test firing , manufacture and deployment therefore serve as a key to keeping the balance of forces and to preserving peace and stability in North-East Asia . It is also preposterous for them to term the latest missile launches a provocation and the like for the simple reason that the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea did not send prior notice of them .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	62	Requests the Secretary-General to present a more detailed explanation of the amounts required for reimbursement of contingent-owned equipment , including the impact of the retroactive application of the new procedures for contingent-owned equipment for the United Nations Angola Verification Mission and the United Nations Observer Mission in Angola , to be provided no later than its resumed fifty-fifth session ; Decides to keep under review the amounts budgeted for provision for reimbursement of contingent-owned equipment ; Emphasizes that no peacekeeping mission shall be financed by borrowing funds from other active peacekeeping missions ;
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	18	Only the headquarters Treasury was authorized to carry out treasury operations . Field offices were not allowed to keep contributions or donations , or to invest locally . The above-mentioned cash-management guidelines and procedures do not adequately address the organization of cash management between headquarters and field offices nor provide detailed guidance on matters such as the amounts authorized to be kept in bank accounts ( in headquarters and field office accounts ) .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	26	Way in which human rights instruments are made part of the national legal system Article 133 of the Constitution states that all treaties which are in keeping with the Constitution and which have been or may be concluded by the President of the Republic with the approval of Congress are the supreme law of the Union . Accordingly , the Inter-Ministerial Commission 's working group on the harmonization of legislation considered a proposal to amend article 133 by giving constitutional status to the rights recognized in international treaties containing provisions for the protection of persons .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Force in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its sixty-first session , under the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations peacekeeping forces in the Middle East ” , the sub-item entitled “ United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon ” . To be adopted by the General Assembly .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	25	Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations ( A/63/725 ) The Acting President : I would like , in keeping with established practice , to draw the attention of the General Assembly to document A/63/725 , which contains a letter from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the General Assembly in which he informs the Assembly that 13 Member States are in arrears in the payment of their financial contributions to the United Nations within the terms of Article 19 of the Charter . I would like to remind delegations that , under Article 19 of the Charter ,
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	35	A related question was how to ensure that the indigenous worldview was compatible with universal standards of human rights . It required finding meeting points that would make it possible for the indigenous peoples to keep their identity while coexisting with their fellow Peruvians . Thus although traditional practices were recognized and respected , they had to be framed within certain standards and rules .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	50	The embargo continues to represent a moral problem for the United Nations , as described by the Secretary-General . It also is a blatant violation of several provisions of the Charter of the United Nations , such as Article 24 , which calls for the Security Council to work in keeping with the purposes and principles of the Charter . It is also a violation of Article 1 , paragraph 1 , which states that sanctions and other measures adopted for the maintenance of international peace and security should be in keeping with the principles of international law and justice .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	125	Commends the important role the Special Rapporteur has played towards the elimination of extrajudicial , summary or arbitrary executions , and encourages the Special Rapporteur to continue , within the framework of his mandate , to collect information from all concerned , to respond effectively to reliable information that comes before him , to follow up on communications and country visits and to seek the views and comments of Governments and to reflect them , as appropriate , in the elaboration of his reports ; Strongly urges all States to cooperate with and assist the Special Rapporteur so that his mandate may be carried out effectively , including , where appropriate , by issuing invitations to the Special Rapporteur when he so requests , in keeping with the usual terms of reference for missions by special rapporteurs of the Commission , and to respond to the communications transmitted to them by the Special Rapporteur ; Expresses its appreciation to those States that have invited the Special Rapporteur to visit their countries , asks them to examine carefully the recommendations made by the Special Rapporteur , invites them to report to the Special Rapporteur on the actions taken on those recommendations and requests other States , including those mentioned in the report of the Special Rapporteur , to cooperate in a similar way ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	113	While sharing the Secretary-General 's positive assessment of the wide international acceptance of and consensus on human rights standards and the strengthening of tools and mechanisms for monitoring and encouraging compliance , we remain concerned about the continued trend of politicizing human rights and using human rights as a pretext to interfere in the internal affairs of States , thus complicating regional and international situations and creating hurdles for the process of United Nations reform by making the work of United Nations bodies overlap . In that connection , I wish to reaffirm Viet Nam 's view that the protection and promotion of human rights can only be effective when they are in keeping with the principles of objectivity and non-selectivity and when we are able to avoid their politicization , a disease that had , for decades , paralysed the former Commission on Human Rights . As reported by the Secretary-General , the rise in the number and intensity of extreme weather events throughout the review period is striking , with an increasing number of poor people being affected by drought , floods and cyclones .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	72	We have reached a crossroads where the political and military actors must continue to work together in a spirit of compromise that will enable them to carry out the agenda agreed to at the time of the extension of the mandate of UNMIN last January . My delegation is of the view that it is crucial for the parties to place national interests first and foremost and that their conduct be in keeping with the commitments expressed in the Comprehensive Peace Agreement of 2006 and in conformity with the will of the people as expressed in last year 's elections . Consolidating a multiparty political system that is inclusive , transparent , democratic and respectful of human rights is an objective that will favour peace and reconciliation .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	30	The Ministers supported efforts by the Afghan people to rid themselves of the Taliban regime . They supported the efforts of the international community to root out terrorism , in keeping with the Charter of the United Nations , including relevant Security Council and General Assembly resolutions . They reaffirmed their commitments , in particular , to implementing Security Council resolutions 1267 ( 1999 ) , 1333 ( 2000 ) and 1363 ( 2001 ) .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	16	( iii ) Bonded labour and debt bondage By resolution 1993/5 , the Sub-Commission decided to keep the question of debt bondage under consideration to assess the progress achieved , with a view to the elimination of that practice . ( iv ) Child labour
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	107	Mexico encourages the elimination of all nuclear weapons and other weapons of mass destruction and in that connection supports international efforts aimed at preventing the emplacement of such weapons on the seabed and the ocean floor and in the subsoil thereof . As a State party to the Treaty on the Prohibition of the Emplacement of Nuclear Weapons and Other Weapons of Mass Destruction on the Sea-Bed and the Ocean Floor and in the Subsoil Thereof , Mexico encourages the full observance of the Treaty 's provisions and consequently the adoption of measures that make possible greater advances aimed at ensuring compliance with the Treaty , in keeping with Mexico 's position and the fact that it is legally bound by the 1982 United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea . Mexico considers that a fourth Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Prohibition of the Emplacement of Nuclear Weapons and Other Weapons of Mass Destruction on the Sea-Bed and the Ocean Floor and in the Subsoil Thereof would make possible a thorough examination of technological advances that affect compliance with and the monitoring of that international legal instrument , together with other aspects of great importance , such as the relationship of the Treaty with the regimes of nuclear-weapon-free zones and with the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea itself .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	17	Suggested improvements to the present practice : On the initiative of one of its members and in keeping with rule 39 of its provisional rules of procedure , the Security Council could resort , as appropriate , to the Arria formula to hear views and obtain or exchange information with personalities , organizations , institutions or whomever it considers pertinent , involved in a conflict . At no time will the Security Council receive representatives of Governments of United Nations Member States under this mechanism. The level of representation of the Security Council members should be commensurate with that of those invited .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	33	Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations ( A/60/345 ) The President : Before turning to the items on our agenda , I should like , in keeping with established practice , to invite the attention of the General Assembly to document A/60/345 , which contains a letter from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the General Assembly in which he informs the Assembly that nine Member States are in arrears in the payment of their financial contributions to the United Nations within the terms of Article 19 of the Charter . I should like to remind delegations that , under Article 19 of the Charter ,
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	77	The members of the Security Council received the organizational plan for the United Nations Monitoring , Verification and Inspection Commission ( UNMOVIC ) , submitted through you by its Executive Chairman , Dr. Hans Blix , on 6 April 2000 ( S/2000/292 and Corr.1 ) in accordance with Council resolution 1284 ( 1999 ) . The members of the Security Council discussed and , on that basis , approved the organizational plan for UNMOVIC as being in keeping with paragraph 6 of resolution 1284 ( 1999 ) . The members of the Council look forward to consultations on its implementation .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	42	( 18 ) The Committee expresses concern at the reports of sexual abuse and physical violence against homosexual and transsexual prisoners . The State party should ensure that the Department has the funds it needs so that conditions of detention are in keeping with international rules and principles relating to the rights of persons deprived of their liberty . The State party should also take steps to improve the infrastructure of communal centre F in the La Reforma centre .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	10	Proposed terms of reference of the World Solidarity Fund In keeping with the terms of General Assembly resolution 57/265 , the World Solidarity Fund will encourage the role of the private sector and individual citizens in funding its endeavours. Furthermore , the World Solidarity Fund will support requests received from Governments of developing countries for financing poverty alleviation projects , including initiatives from community-based organizations and small private sector entities . It is important , in this regard , that the World Solidarity Fund , in implementing the terms of General Assembly resolution 57/265 , not replicate existing operations of multilateral development institutions , but seek innovative ways of supporting poverty eradication projects .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	47	It also stresses the importance of continuity in the leadership of the Office and expects that a new Assistant Secretary-General will be appointed expeditiously to carry out those functions . The Committee takes note of the proposed reorganized structure of the Office and recommends that it be kept under review . II.30 Table II.5 , provided to the Advisory Committee upon request , shows the reorganized structure of the Office , including proposed functions and the post distribution for 2010-2011 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	39	Belgium notes that the tripartite negotiating mechanism with the Khartoum Government has borne some fruit , including in negotiations on the terms of a status-of-forces agreement . But it is imperative that the Sudanese Government commit itself further to keeping President Al-Bashir 's promise to Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon to accelerate the deployment of the mission and to resolve all outstanding issues related to that deployment . We are told that the tension in the refugee camps is increasing ; it is time for UNAMID to be set on a solid footing and to be able at last to do its work .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	90	Requests the Committee to continue to exert all efforts to promote the realization of the inalienable rights of the Palestinian people , to support the Middle East peace process and to mobilize international support for and assistance to the Palestinian people , and authorizes the Committee to make such adjustments in its approved programme of work as it may consider appropriate and necessary in the light of developments and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its sixty-first session and thereafter ; Also requests the Committee to continue to keep under review the situation relating to the question of Palestine and to report and make suggestions to the General Assembly , the Security Council or the Secretary-General , as appropriate ; Further requests the Committee to continue to extend its cooperation and support to Palestinian and other civil society organizations in order to mobilize international solidarity and support for the achievement by the Palestinian people of its inalienable rights and for a peaceful settlement of the question of Palestine , and to involve additional civil society organizations in its work ;
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	25	Contributions are made by Governments , intergovernmental organizations and non-governmental sources , including foundations , universities and individuals . The funds of the University are kept in a special account established by the Secretary-General of the United Nations . The University derives its income from two sources : an Endowment Fund and contributions to the Operating Funds .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	42	As decided by the Working Group at its forty-eighth session , paragraph ( 2 ) has been deleted ( A/CN.9/646 , paras . At its forty-eighth session , the Working Group agreed to further consider whether paragraph ( 4 ) should be kept . The second sentence of that paragraph in brackets reflects a proposal made in the Working Group that the scope of paragraph ( 4 ) should be limited to fees , without affecting the ability of the arbitral tribunal to charge other additional costs as listed in article 38 ( A/CN.9/646 , paras .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	42	The effort to achieve consensus , no matter what he himself thought , was what counted . For example , in deference to the majority of opinion , he had removed certain terms from the definition that he had seen as worth keeping . Some members had pointed to the possible tautology of “ expression of will ” and “ intention ” in article 1 , but there was a clear-cut difference between the first term , which was the actual performance of the act , and the second , which was the sense given by the State to the performance of that act .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	27	If the results of laboratory testing are satisfactory , the next munitions tests are conducted five years thereafter . The shelf life for components of 152-mm munitions kept in storage facilities is : fuses : 35 years ; powder for propelling charges : 30 years ; blasting caps : 40 years .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	48	When the Pre-Trial Chamber issues a summons to appear pursuant to article 58 , paragraph 7 , and intends to set conditions restricting liberty , it shall ascertain the relevant provisions of the national law of the State receiving the summons . In a manner that is in keeping with the national law of the State receiving the summons , the Pre-Trial Chamber shall proceed in accordance with sub-rules 1 , 2 and 3 . If the Pre-Trial Chamber receives information that the person concerned has failed to comply with conditions imposed , it shall proceed in accordance with sub-rule 4 .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	23	We remain strongly committed to providing the necessary humanitarian assistance and to delivering a substantial contribution to the reconstruction of Afghanistan . To keep the process on track and to integrate the many new reform initiatives and processes , we welcome all the commitments made at Petersberg earlier this week . Historically , Afghanistan 's relations with its neighbours have been difficult .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	50	We consider ECOWAS to be an important and effective instrument for the consolidation of peace as well as for peacekeeping in the subregion . In spite of its limited logistical and other resources , ECOWAS , through its Monitoring Group ( ECOMOG ) has already demonstrated its capacity to help keep the peace . Who can forget , for instance , the important role that ECOMOG played in Sierra Leone before the deployment of United Nations peacekeeping forces ?
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	36	As you pull out of your motel or national park home-for-the-night , visit a market and buy just what you need for the next meal . For 25 c load up the cooler with ice and keep cool pop in the car . Spice is a fact of life in the U. S. A. .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	35	We therefore deem it important to maintain “ confidence-building measures ” in this item . Mr. Litavrin ( Russian Federation ) ( spoke in Russian ) : We , too , believe that we must keep “ confidence-building measures ” in the proposal , because it is a very important issue . As a compromise , however , we would not insist on retaining “ verification mechanisms ” in the proposal .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	63	The determination of the United Nations to ensure the rapid departure of the foreign armed forces from the territory of the Democratic Republic of the Congo is also a great source of hope for the return to a lasting peace . To overcome the impending crisis , substantial assistance from the international community is essential for the country 's reconstruction endeavour , in keeping with the priority themes outlined in the previous report ( A/55/319 ) , which must still be taken into account. Once again , they were as follows : Theme 1 : Peace , security and reconciliation
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	27	Letter dated 22 May 2001 from the President of Algeria addressed to the Personal Envoy of the Secretary-General I am very happy that you were able to keep good memories of your stay in Algiers , which allowed us , also , to appreciate your courtesy and your patience towards us , and to have the fair measure of your great abilities as a negotiator and expert in international matters . Allow me to tell you that I took great pleasure in receiving you and in our discussions , and I would like to tell you again that it is always with joy and friendship that we will welcome you to Algeria , whether within the framework of your professional activities or , that of a personal trip which would allow us to better acquaint you with our country and its inhabitants .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	23	The small size of the Tongan population makes the nation particularly vulnerable to problems associated with globalisation . The demands on Tonga to keep up with international obligations are outstripping the capacities of the nations systems of law and justice and diplomacy . This is not just a problem for Tonga but is a shared concern of many Pacific Forum States .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	54	Further decides that the decrease of 4 , 687 , 900 dollars in staff assessment income in respect of the financial period ended 30 June 2008 shall be set off against the credits from the amount of 225 , 443 , 200 dollars referred to in paragraphs 8 and 9 above ; Decides to keep under review during its sixty-third session the item entitled “ Financing of the African Union-United Nations Hybrid Operation in Darfur ” . Commission on Sustainable Development
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	100	( d ) The financial institutions to which the provisions of the law apply must be defined so as to include banks , companies which engage in brokerage and insurance activities in that area , companies dealing in securities , money-changing companies , investment companies and funds , postal funds , enterprises which provide recreational and travel services , amusement centres and gambling casinos and other similar financial institutions to which the provisions of the law should apply ; ( f ) Money-laundering activities should be defined to include all conduct which involves acquiring , disposing of , managing , keeping , replacing , depositing , investing , transporting or transferring money ( in the broad sense ) with a view to concealing or misrepresenting its source , changing the facts relating to it , preventing ascertainment of the fact that it was derived from any of the crimes referred to or impeding access to the person or persons who committed the crime from which the money was derived ; ( g ) A central agency responsible for fighting money-laundering should be created .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	96	Encourages all States , in particular the members of the zone of peace and cooperation of the South Atlantic , to cooperate in promoting and strengthening global , regional , subregional and national initiatives to prevent , combat and eradicate the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons ; Commends regional efforts being undertaken by States members of the zone in support of the implementation of the Programme of Action to Prevent , Combat and Eradicate the Illicit Trade in Small Arms and Light Weapons in All Its Aspects , and calls on them to keep up their efforts in this regard ; Affirms the importance of the South Atlantic to global maritime and commercial transactions and its determination to preserve the region for all peaceful purposes and activities protected by international law , in particular the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	110	Although at the last minute the Frente POLISARIO had decided not to act on its threat to resume hostilities , a climate of increased mistrust and bitterness had set in between the parties and that was undermining the agreed ceasefire regime . The Secretary-General stated that , regrettably , he could not report any progress towards overcoming the obstacles to the implementation of the settlement plan , or towards determining whether the Government of Morocco , as the administrative Power in Western Sahara , was prepared to offer or support some devolution of authority for all inhabitants and former inhabitants of the Territory that was genuine , substantial and in keeping with international norms . The only positive development during the period had been the decision by the Frente POLISARIO , on 14 December 2000 , in keeping with a prior commitment to the Secretary-General 's Personal Envoy , to release 201 Moroccan prisoners of war on humanitarian grounds .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	54	While there had been considerable diversity in the policies and strategies pursued by the more successful Asian economies , manufacturing exports had generally increased faster than imports , and export growth had resulted from increasingly competitive production for the most dynamic export products with high domestic value-added content . Real exchange rates had been kept at levels that supported the exports of domestic firms , and external financing requirements had remained limited . With the adoption of the policy prescriptions of the “ Washington consensus ” in most Latin American countries , opening up to international competition had also been accompanied by deregulation and a general weakening of domestic economic policies in the context of market-friendly reforms .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	87	If it had , why then did Palestinians control less than 10 percent of the territory , and not 22 percent , as called for in the resolution , and why had Israel and Lebanon fought in the village of Malykya , which had originally been part of the land allocated to the Palestinians ? Returning to the question of why Arab States had not provided Palestine refugees living conditions consistent with international norms , he asked why Israel had not allowed the refugees to return in keeping with international norms . As for Israel 's statement that it had not attacked UNRWA personnel , he cited in rebuttal the Commissioner-General 's report , which had said that Israeli troops had employed weapons against Agency personnel , as a result of which one Agency staff member had died .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	36	Since the late sixties , it has been subject to two large-scale Israeli invasions and to a series of Israeli devastating attacks that wreaked havoc in terms of lives , property and infrastructure . The records kept by this Organization bear witness to that brutality . I recall the two massacres of Qana that were perpetrated against innocent children , women and the elderly , as well as the aggression of July 2006 in which tens of thousands were killed and wounded and displaced which led to the destruction of bridges and civilian facilities in various parts of the country .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	48	Last year , the European Community under the presidency of Luxembourg , demonstrated this fact by together committing to the allocation of 0.7 per cent of gross income for development cooperation by 2015 . That is a firm commitment , not a vague promise that will not be kept . More money for cooperation would also mean more money for the fight against HIV/AIDS .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	36	The recent increases in United States interest rates will further reduce the costs of excess reserves , while any further depreciation of the United States dollar would increase them . In the presence of policies to keep currencies stable against the dollar , or if United States interest rates provide support for the dollar , the former factor should offset the latter . Some countries have already taken steps to use reserves for long-term investments in domestic infrastructure to promote development and/or investments in long-term diversified global assets that yield stable higher returns .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	14	Other States parties should benefit from these experiences . Although confidential records can be kept of diversion for administrative and review purposes , they should not be viewed as “ criminal records ” and a child who has been previously diverted must not be seen as having a previous conviction . If any registration takes place of this event , access to that information should be given exclusively and for a limited period of time , e.g. for a maximum of one year , to the competent authorities authorized to deal with children in conflict with the law .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	11	[ Original : French ] [ 13 July 2007 ] In keeping with the position it has always maintained internationally with regard to freedom of trade and navigation and recourse to coercive unilateral measures , Togo deplores the embargo imposed on Cuba by the United States of America and its impact on the Cuban people . In consequence , the Togolese Government has neither promulgated nor applied laws or measures contrary to the provisions of General Assembly resolution 61/11 .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	50	The author was also denied access to the Superintendent for a discussion on the terms of family visits , which were not allowed to resume until 12 June 1997 . 2.8 On 20 March 1997 , the Superintendent issued a “ standing order ” , reportedly prohibiting all inmates to keep either papers or writing implements in their cells . It is noted that , however , the author was able to correspond in writing with his counsel on 21 March and 17 April 1997 and on 15 August 1997 with a friend , Ms. Katherine Shewell .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	72	This culminated in a partnership between the African Union and the United Nations , through the signing of the declaration regarding cooperation between the two organizations in November 2006 . Efforts are also being exerted to prepare a 10-year capacity-building programme for the African Union , encompassing , inter alia , the boosting of cooperation in all phases of conflict management ; early warning ; preventive diplomacy ; making , building and keeping peace ; post-conflict reconstruction ; and human rights . The joint efforts of the United Nations and the African Union in Côte d'Ivoire , Liberia , Sierra Leone , the Sudan , and the Democratic Republic of the Congo have produced numerous achievements .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	72	“ The Security Council expressed its deep regret that Kuwaiti property , including its national archives , has not yet been returned to Kuwait and encouraged the Coalition Provisional Authority and other parties concerned to continue their commitment to the search for , and return of , all Kuwaiti properties and archives , in accordance with paragraph 6 of resolution 1483 ( 2003 ) . The Security Council agreed to continue to keep Ambassador Vorontsov 's mandate under review and looked forward to receiving his next report. ” Letter dated 29 August 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 ( 2001 ) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	57	It was suggested that different requirements should apply to these two categories of information . As regards the first category of legal texts , the requirements would remain as they were in the current article 5 , in particular the notion of timeliness was stressed to be important and therefore the word “ promptly ” should be kept in the article . As regards the second category , the requirement to “ systematically maintain ” would be replaced with the requirement “ to update on a regular basis if need be ” .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	26	The time has come to end the 14-year civil war in Burundi . Throughout that time , the United Nations has played an important role in keeping peace and stability in that country and in preventing the conflict from spreading to the broader Great Lakes region of Africa . We should therefore support the role played by BINUB and the peacekeeping mission .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	40	The Council is aware of the tragic death of two humanitarian aid workers caused by a landmine — a criminal , cowardly act against people who had come to help . In general , agreements reached with the Government are kept . For instance , they agreed on full and unhindered access for humanitarian assistance .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	78	I would like here again to express the appreciation of the Government of the Central African Republic to the Secretary-General of the United Nations , to the members of the Security Council and especially to the countries that so generously contributed to supporting that mission of peace by providing the wherewithal for MINURCA . The experience gained in the Central African Republic can be made available as an asset to the United Nations , reflecting a success in keeping the peace and consolidating it . My delegation , which supports the Brahimi report , hopes that the recommendations it embodies will be fully implemented so that we really see take root a new doctrine for United Nations operations of peacekeeping .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	27	It has generally been production forests or forests with lower social or environmental value that have been privatized . • In a second scenario , government has kept the normative responsibility of deciding how forest resources should be managed but has entrusted the private sector with implementing government-designed plans , as in the case of contract logging ; • Central government has in other cases entrusted to local governments and local communities the responsibility of designing and implementing forest management strategies and plans .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	40	We wish situations of violations of human rights not to occur in any part of the world , and if they do occur , we wish to be able to act in a timely fashion to stop them . In keeping with these principles , Chile took an active part in all phases of the negotiation of the resolution that we have just adopted , with the purpose of reforming and strengthening the machinery for the protection of all human rights — civil and political , social , economic and cultural — for all , without exclusion . Chile advocates an institutional structure for the promotion and protection of human rights that is strong and efficient and that ultimately will save lives .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	69	It was hard to reconcile with that a situation in which the United Kingdom presented the issue as if there was only one alternative to preserving the status quo , and that was independence . It followed from the same Article of the Charter that administering Powers were obliged to ensure the economic advancement of a Territory even if the economic interests of those Powers were better served by keeping such advancement in check . While the economy of the Cayman Islands was being treated as a pawn , the talk was of protecting the Eurobond market in the United Kingdom , in particular , and strengthening financial markets in the European Union as a whole .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	31	As in previous years , UNFIP was responsible for providing technical assistance to the international private sector and foundations in developing partnership opportunities within the United Nations common system . In keeping with the Secretary-General 's commitment to facilitating and coordinating collective action on shared principles and priorities , UNFIP focused efforts on the creation of networking and resource mobilization opportunities with a broad range of actors , including bilateral partners . As of the end of December 2004 , UNFIP had fielded nearly 300 substantial enquiries about partnership with the United Nations system from a wide range of organizations , networks , coalitions and individuals .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	38	We take note of the recent plans of the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo to take the first steps , and we urge the cooperation of all the groups . My delegation congratulates Namibia for keeping its commitment to withdraw all its troops from the Democratic Republic of the Congo by the end of August . We commend Uganda for its continued withdrawal .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	39	Jamaica supports General Assembly resolutions calling for an end to the economic , commercial and financial embargo against Cuba consistent , in the belief that such actions are contrary to international law . Jamaica 's support is also in keeping with its strict adherence to the principle of sovereign equality of States , non-intervention and peaceful coexistence . Jamaica attaches great importance to the principles and purposes of the Charter of the United Nations and as such continues to be in opposition to the extraterritorial application of national legislation that would undermine such principles .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	43	This does not mean that we have taken an irreversible decision that commits us irrevocably to possessing nuclear weapons in 40 or 50 years ' time . It does mean , however , that the United Kingdom will take the steps necessary to keep open the option of retaining a minimum deterrent beyond the life of the current submarines , should that prove necessary . On present evidence , we have to assume that we will need to do so .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	93	Decides to extend the mandate of UNOMIG for a new period terminating on 31 January 2002 , subject to a review by the Council of the mandate of UNOMIG in the event of any changes that may be made in the mandate or in the presence of the CIS peacekeeping force , and expresses its intention to conduct a thorough review of the operation at the end of its current mandate , in the light of steps taken by the parties to achieve a comprehensive settlement ; Requests the Secretary-General to continue to keep the Council regularly informed and to report three months from the date of the adoption of this resolution on the situation in Abkhazia , Georgia , and requests also the Secretary-General to provide for a briefing within three months on the progress of the political settlement , including on the status of the draft paper his Special Representative intends to submit to the parties as referred to in paragraph 4 above ; Decides to remain actively seized of the matter .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	29	Thus the consideration of this topic by the Special Committee was completed . At its 254th meeting , on 7 March 2008 , the Special Committee decided not to keep the above-mentioned topic on its agenda . E. Consideration of the working papers submitted by Cuba at the 1997 and 1998 sessions of the Special Committee , entitled “ Strengthening of the role of the Organization and enhancing its effectiveness ”
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	25	The Country Team also finalized the Common Humanitarian Action Plan , which will form the basis of the Consolidated Inter-Agency Appeal for 2003 . In keeping with the medium-term objectives of the Joint Action and Recovery Plan , the Appeal will continue to address basic humanitarian needs while at the same time supporting good governance , peace-building and economic recovery . Keeping in mind the importance of the restoration of the financial and economic vitality of the country in support of the return of peace , United Nations efforts have focused on two of the country 's largest sources of income , the livestock trade and remittances from Somalis in the diaspora .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	54	Equally , we note that without a cooperating Iraqi Government , as resolution 1284 ( 1999 ) and resolution 1441 ( 2002 ) make abundantly clear , it would never be possible to be confident of the key tasks or of making progress on them . We should encourage UNMOVIC and the IAEA to keep both documents under review . A more definitive work programme will be possible when there is an administration in Iraq which is prepared to cooperate fully , actively and unconditionally and when there is a secure situation on the ground .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	41	23.4 Within the framework of existing guidelines , individual technical cooperation activities under the regular programme are determined by the nature of requests received from Governments , the recommendations of intergovernmental legislative and expert bodies and approved work programmes . In keeping with the guidelines , funding is directed towards activities with a demonstrated multiplier effect that are likely to have a significant impact on the development process , that are in accord with development needs and priorities of individual countries and that are consistent with the global development policies of United Nations legislative bodies . 23.5 Because the scope and composition of the activities under the regular programme of technical cooperation are based on the requests of Governments , the proposals at this stage indicate only major areas of activity and the Secretariat units responsible for their implementation .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	17	( a ) Interpret speeches made at meetings ; ( b ) Make and arrange for the keeping of sound recordings of meetings ; ( f ) Arrange for the custody of the documents and records of the Conference in the archives of the United Nations ;
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	31	Cost of power and machinery is often a serious problem to the small-scale farmer . If you are going to farm for extra cash income on a part-time basis you must keep in mind the needed machinery investments when you choose among farm enterprises . You can keep your machinery investment down by buying good secondhand machinery , by sharing the cost and upkeep of machinery with a neighbor , and by hiring someone with machinery to do certain jobs .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	33	As the Human Rights Committee has made clear , detention must not only be lawful but must also constitute a reasonable , necessary and appropriate measure in the circumstances . Accordingly , in keeping with the principle of non-discrimination that is of the very essence of the Covenant , detention may not be based solely on race , colour , sex , language , religion , political opinion , or other status . Anyone who is detained has a right to be informed immediately of the reason for his detention and of his rights , in particular the right to the assistance of legal counsel .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	57	It is a commonly held view that the United Nations preconditions that a country at conflict must have a peace to keep in order for the United Nations to deploy is untenable . To put it in context , the reason for which a country allows foreign troops on its soil is to create — not to keep — peace . The high-sounding argument that there has to be political agreements between warring factions is itself misplaced .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	58	In this connection , the Committee points out that , notwithstanding the prerogative of the Secretary-General to effect changes in the Staff Rules , the General Assembly exercises legislative oversight over all personnel matters , including the Staff Rules ( see General Assembly resolution 37/235 C of 21 December 1982 and Advisory Committee report A/37/675 ) . In keeping with the spirit of article XII of the Staff Regulations , such a basic change in the application of the 300 series should be reported to the Fifth Committee for its possible comment or further direction before the change is finalized . The Advisory Committee is therefore of the view that , in the light of the policy issues to be addressed , the proposal for the conversion of peacekeeping mission staff from the 300 series to the 100 series should be presented in a comprehensive manner by the Secretary-General in the context of his report on human resources management policies to be submitted to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	32	A covered container such as a kitchen garbage pail might do as a toilet . A 10 - gallon garbage can , with a tightly fitting cover , could be used to keep the wastes until it is safe to leave the shelter . Water rationing will be difficult and should be planned carefully .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	46	Deployment of mixed units and gradual lifting of the green line Since my report of 2 January 2008 to the Security Council ( S/2008/1 ) , UNOCI has removed all except 2 of the 17 observation posts it had established along the green line , in keeping with the provisions of the Ouagadougou Agreement . The progressive lifting of the green line continues to be based on a comprehensive threat assessment ; consultations with the integrated command centre ; and the improvement in the overall security situation , in particular the assessed low probability of military confrontation between the former belligerents .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	56	The Secretary-General 's follow-up to the recommendation of the High-level Panel on United Nations System-wide Coherence to establish one United Nations entity focused on gender equality and women 's empowerment , and any action Member States may be taking thereon , will also impact on such future cooperation . Accordingly , OHCHR and the Division will keep under review the joint workplan for 2007 so as to update it as necessary . Support for human rights treaty bodies
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	74	The aim of the mandate expressly given to the Special Rapporteur is therefore to transcend any legal duality in order to take account of the implementation of international commitments , beyond the formal aspects of treaty law , focusing on the actual nature of human rights . The working paper contained in document E/CN.4/2003/Sub.2/37 began by surveying the situation , listing all the commitments of the 1993 World Conference on Human Rights , in keeping with the Charter of the United Nations . Without wishing to conduct a thorough review of the earlier work done by the Sub-Commission , particularly the important studies by Mr. Kartashkin on observance of human rights by States which are not parties to United Nations human rights conventions ( E/CN.4/Sub.2/1999/29 and E/CN.4/Sub.2/2000/2 ) and the work being done by Ms. Françoise Hampson on the question of reservations to human rights treaties , there is nevertheless a need to define in the present report the scope of the study requested by the Commission .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	59	A suggestion was also made that the bracketed text “ [ a jurisdiction or ] ” should be deleted in its entirety from draft article 81 bis , since jurisdiction clauses were not common in the non-liner industry , and the intention of the proposal was to preserve the status quo . Other views were expressed in favour of keeping the text and deleting only the square brackets . “ The carrier may demand arbitration proceedings pursuant to the terms of the arbitration agreement only if the person asserting the claim against a carrier institutes court proceedings in a place specified in the arbitration agreement. ”
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	9	He was the funniest man . He never could keep still , even when he did n't move his feet . Then , they had to get up and be General Burnside .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	92	The regulations , codified on May 27 , 2002 , and slightly amended September 2002 , are modeled after the anti-money laundering regulations established in the United States and Australia . The regulations include the following : 1 ) ownership control reporting requirements for financial institutions and cash dealers ; 2 ) establishment of written anti-money laundering policies , appointment of compliance officers within each financial institutions and cash dealers , and training programs by financial institutions and cash dealers ; 3 ) record keeping requirements for accounts ; 4 ) record keeping requirements for transactions ; 5 ) suspicious transaction reports ; 6 ) cash transaction reports ; and 7 ) civil monetary penalties . To date , the Banking Commission has issued two sets of advisories on suspicious transaction reporting and large currency transaction reporting .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-eighth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Mission in Liberia ” . To be adopted by the General Assembly .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	52	Israel has disregarded Council resolutions 1397 ( 2002 ) , 1402 ( 2002 ) , 1403 ( 2002 ) and , most recently , 1405 ( 2002 ) . In spite of those resolutions , it has continued to occupy Palestinian territory , obstructed Palestinian access to humanitarian assistance and continued to keep President Arafat confined to his headquarters in Ramallah , surrounded by Israeli tanks for more than a month , despite its repeated assurances that he would be freed . It is gratifying to hear that the siege of President Arafat 's headquarters is finally over and that he is now free to travel .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	46	Jamaica agrees that this threat requires the urgent and proactive response of the United Nations and all States and that all necessary and appropriate steps , nationally and internationally , should be taken in accordance with international law to protect the right to life . In keeping with its continuing efforts to fulfil its international obligations to combat terrorism , Jamaica enacted the Terrorism Prevention Act ( TPA ) in 2005 , under which acts of terrorism are indictable offences punishable by life imprisonment for an individual and fines for a body corporate . The TPA in its current form makes no provision for the incitement to commit an act of terrorism .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	58	While the Secretariat will facilitate all practical arrangements , including tickets and accommodation , the experts will be expected to take all necessary measures from their side to participate in the country visit , i.e. ensure they have the required vaccinations and prophylactics , as well as the necessary visa . In particular , the following shall be kept in mind throughout the country visit : ( a ) When seeking additional information and asking for clarification , the experts are to bear in mind the non-adversarial , non-intrusive and non-punitive character of the review and that the overall goal is to assist the State under review in fully implementing the Convention ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	34	The extrajudicial killing of Sheikh Yassin is contrary to international law and undermines the resumption of the peace process in the region . We believe that all States in all circumstances must act in keeping with international law , whose principal goal is to ensure peace among nations and to create a propitious framework for peaceful coexistence . That is why we are outraged that the parties , under the pressure of extremist and hard-line elements , seem to have deliberately chosen to use killing , the destruction of property and other attacks as a political tool .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	57	And we , the international community , have waited for the parties to make progress on their own , despite the accumulation over the years of compelling evidence that they are incapable of making peace without international intervention . Particularly now , when there is a new Palestinian Prime Minister , we can not afford just to keep waiting . Progress towards Middle East peace can not just be contingent on the actions expected of others .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	51	That decision was in keeping with the initiative proposed in 1988 by Kuwait 's deceased Emir , Sheikh Jaber Al-Ahmad Al-Jaber Al-Sabah , in which he had called upon the international community to deal with the debt problem faced by developing States . As a continuation of those policies and in keeping with its belief in collective action to promote development in those States , Kuwait had paid out more than $ 1 billion over the last few years to mitigate the consequences of natural disasters . In addition , the Kuwait Fund for Arab Economic Development had provided more than $ 12 million to fund development projects in over 100 countries .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	29	Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations ( A/59/668 ) The President ( spoke in French ) : I should like , in keeping with established practice , to draw the attention of the General Assembly to document A/59/668 , containing a letter from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the General Assembly , in which he informs the Assembly that 29 Member States are in arrears in the payment of their financial contributions to the United Nations within the terms of Article 19 of the Charter . I should like to remind delegations that , under Article 19 of the Charter ,
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	75	However , the Panel finds that it was not reasonable for the temporary offices in Bahrain to be maintained beyond 31 May 1991 when it was generally considered safe for the population of Kuwait to return in large numbers and for Government of Kuwait employees to resume their normal jobs . / The evidence is insufficient to demonstrate that , in order to continue its development operations and aid activities , the Claimant needed to keep open its temporary offices in Bahrain beyond the end of May 1991 . The Panel therefore concludes that compensation for the costs claimed should be , with one exception , limited to the period from 1 November 1990 to 31 May 1991 .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	33	According to article 228 of the new criminal Code , “ Illegal Manufacture , Acquisition , Keeping , Carriage , Sending or Sale of Narcotic Means or Psychotropic Substances The illegal acquisition or keeping without the purpose of sale of narcotic means or psychotropic substances on a large scale shall be punished by deprivation of freedom for a term of up to three years. ” See , for example , communication No. 842/1998 , Sergei Romanov v .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	59	Although it was created initially for United Nations libraries , the first steps were taken in 2001 , in strategic partnership with the specialized agencies , to develop the site into a comprehensive library network for all country and field offices throughout the United Nations system , as well as United Nations information centres and depository libraries . In keeping with the Organization 's renewed emphasis on multilingualism , the United Nations Documentation : Research Guide ( http : //www.un.org/ Depts/dhl/resguide ) is being translated into all official languages , and chapters of the French version ( http : //www.un.org/Depts/dhl/dhlf/resguidf/indexfr.htm ) have recently been posted . The Library 's thesaurus files have almost been completed in all official languages .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	84	* Refrain from accepting any cash sums equal to or exceeding 5 , 000 dinars , even if in the form of several payments between which there is a suspected link ; * Maintain accounting ledgers , as well as lists of receipts and transfers having a foreign connection , including in particular a statement of the sums related thereto and their motive , as well as identify the individual or body corporate concerned with the same , prepare an annual balance sheet and keep accounting ledgers and documents for a period of not less than 10 years from the date when work on them is complete ; * Verify the identity of the customer at the time of transaction and refrain from completing any operation or transaction where the identity of those concerned is unverified , insufficient or false , particularly when opening accounts , accepting deposits , renting safe-deposit boxes or carrying out large cash transactions .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	91	In my view , that means that , now that that has been done — and it was a unanimous decision by the members of the Security Council — all of us , regardless of our position on the Rome Statute , have an obligation to cooperate with the Court so that it can carry out its role with regard to the matter of Darfur . I also believe , more generally speaking , that the precedent represented by the transfer of Darfur to the International Criminal Court is perfectly in keeping with the recommendations made by the High-level Panel on Threats , Challenges and Change . That is to say , the International Criminal Court is among the instruments at the disposal of the Security Council to manage certain crises .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	36	I think everybody is agreed that we need to hear some voice on the national level that would make some sense and in which we would have some confidence in following . Mrs. Molvar , who kept reiterating her request that they `` please take a stand '' , said , `` We must have faith in somebody - on the local level , and it would n't be possible for everyone to rush to a school to get their children '' . Dr. Barnes said that there seemed to be feeling that evacuation plans , even for a high school where there were lots of cars `` might not be realistic and would not work '' .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	103	As a member of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe ( OSCE ) Turkey attaches importance to the implementation of the OSCE Document on Small Arms and Light Weapons , adopted by the OSCE Forum for Security Cooperation in November 2000 , which foresees the development of common standards to prevent the excessive and destabilizing accumulation and uncontrolled spread of small arms and light weapons . According to the provisions of this document , member states have committed themselves to exchange information with each other and to closely cooperate for developing common norms and principles in the production , marking , keeping records , export and import documentation of small arms and light weapons . All small arms and light weapons produced in Turkey after 30 June 2001 are marked in line with the provisions of this OSCE document .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	84	It set out a vision of a region in which two States , Palestine and Israel , live side by side within secure and recognized , borders , with the immediate cessation of all acts of violence , including all acts of terror , provocation , incitement and destruction , and the implementation of the Tenet plan and the Mitchell report recommendations with the aim of resuming negotiations on a political settlement . Cameroon fully supported that resolution , because its provisions were in keeping with what we have always believed . We pinned great hope on it , and we still do .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	97	It urged MEPC to identify and develop the mechanisms needed to achieve the limitation or reduction of greenhouse gas emissions from international shipping and to give priority to the establishment of a greenhouse gas emission baseline ; the development of a methodology to describe the greenhouse gas efficiency of a ship expressed as greenhouse gas emission indexing for that ship ; the development of guidelines by which the greenhouse gas emission indexing scheme might be applied in practice ; and the evaluation of technical , operational and market-based solutions . The Assembly also requested the Committee to keep the matter under review and to prepare consolidated statements of continuing IMO policies and practices related to the limitation or reduction of greenhouse gas emissions from international shipping . In the discussions leading up to the adoption of the resolution , Brazil , China and India expressed reservations with regard to the draft text , contending that it did not distinguish between the countries that were required by Annex 1 to the Kyoto Protocol to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change to pursue the limitation or reduction of emissions of their greenhouse gases and those that were not .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	23	Paragraph ( 2 ) The Working Group might wish to consider whether the 15-day time period in paragraph ( 2 ) should be kept . It is recalled that it was suggested in the Working Group that that time period might be too long in some cases ( A/CN.9/641 , para .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	46	The Chairman said that the National Film Board of Canada had requested permission to film the proceedings of the Fourth Committee during its consideration of peacekeeping issues . Mr. Osei ( Ghana ) said that his delegation did not object if the filming would be in keeping with the rules and practices adopted by the United Nations . The Chairman said that , if there were no other remarks , he took it that the Committee wished to approve the request .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	27	This question has long been discussed ; it is constantly being raised at meetings throughout the world . Yet the Arab-Israeli conflict has not been resolved in keeping with the provisions of the Charter and international law . With the passage of time , this situation has had tragic repercussions and adverse consequences for the region .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	65	He expressed concern that refugees , indigenous people and migrant workers are more vulnerable because when they are disabled they have hardly any access to health-care services and rehabilitation facilities and their vulnerability is magnified if they become disabled because of their status . The Special Rapporteur recommended that , after the end of the Decade , the question of human rights and disability be kept on the agendas of the General Assembly , the Economic and Social Council , the Commission on Human Rights and the Subcommission as an item of continued concern and ongoing attention . The Special Rapporteur recommended that the United Nations Committee on Economic , Social and Cultural Rights should assume the supervisory responsibilities in the disability field .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	63	Their mission is to ensure the gender mainstreaming in every development programmer in compliance with ICESCR . With a view to the legislative implementation of the principles of the Convention on the Rights of the Child , the Government has set up a Rights of the Child Reform Commission , which recently submitted to Parliament a bill regarding the protection of children in keeping with the principles of ICESCR . The above national efforts are undertaken in conjunction with international cooperation for a gradual achievement of the goals of the Covenant .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	85	In my consultations with key humanitarian agencies , the general sentiment that emerged is that the food situation has improved , but the country still needs humanitarian ( emergency ) assistance , as there is still a shortfall . “ There were some variations in the Public Distribution System ( PDS ) cereal rations between counties in August ( 2004 ) ; while most counties were able to increase the ration to 350 gr./p/day from 300 in July ( 2004 ) , others had to keep it at 300 or decrease it to 250 . The composition was mainly potatoes , wheat and barley from local production , although some counties began to distribute rice from a bilateral Republic of Korea loan .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	126	Welcomes the appointment by the Chairperson of the Commission and the Secretary-General of the United Nations , on 8 May 2007 , of Mr. Rodolphe Adada , former Foreign Minister of the Republic of Congo , as the Joint Special Representative , as well as the appointment by the Chairperson of the Commission on 23 May 2007 , in consultation with the Secretary-General of the United Nations , of General Martin Luther Agwai , from Nigeria , as the Force Commander for the African Union - United Nations hybrid operation ; Requests the African Union member States to contribute troops and other personnel to the African Union - United Nations hybrid operation so as to ensure that the operation has a predominantly African character , in keeping with the relevant decisions of the Peace and Security Council ; Decides , in the meantime , to extend the mandate of AMIS for an additional period not exceeding six ( 6 ) months , until 31 December 2007 , in the expectation that efforts will be expedited for the early deployment of the African Union - United Nations hybrid operation and that the African Union partners will continue to provide the financial and logistical support required to enable AMIS effectively implement its mandate ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	67	The selection of the base period was crucial to the calculation of the scale of assessments , since too long or too short a base period would lead to distortions in the relevant data . Regarding the proposal on annual recalculation of the scale , his delegation wished to know what the impact on the predictability of the process would be and whether the proposal was in keeping with the rules of procedure of the General Assembly , particularly rule 160 . The debt-burden adjustment was an integral part of the scale methodology , for external debt not only affected a country 's capacity to pay but also placed a significant burden on its economy .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	26	Model provision 26. Record of selection and award proceedings It should be recommended that each concession agreement be registered in a separate national concession registry , kept within a specific agency or ministry ( Ministry of Finance ) and accessible to all interested persons or entities . This would facilitate recourse and give to other contracting authorities the possibility to benefit from past contractual experience .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-eighth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Mission in Liberia ” . To be adopted by the General Assembly .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	49	The proposed Staff Counsellor will manage all Khartoum-based activities , including ensuring compliance with minimum standards on counselling and welfare and recreation policy provisions , providing counselling services , delivering proactive and preventative stress management activities , and supporting the Chief of the Section , as required . In keeping with the Department of Peacekeeping Operations directive , UNMIS proposes to establish a regional welfare capacity through one Welfare Assistant ( international UNV ) based in Khartoum and responsible for addressing welfare , recreation and other stress-management activities in Khartoum , Abyei , Ed-Damazin , Kadugli and El-Obeid . The Welfare Assistant will report directly to the Chief Staff Counsellor .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	58	There is no equivalence between a State that equips civilian homes with bomb shelters and a terrorist regime that fills them with missiles . There is no equivalence between military commanders who struggle daily to ensure that their operations are conducted in accordance with the requirements of international humanitarian law and the terrorists who flout that law by keeping Corporal Gilad Shalit captive , without even allowing the International Committee of the Red Cross access to see him — for 930 days . There is no equivalence between a State using force in exercise of its right to self-defence and a terrorist organization for which the very resort to violence is unlawful .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	59	After many years of overall peace and tranquillity , our region of the Pacific islands has recently seen a few long-standing conflicts erupt into violence of disturbing proportions . We applaud the efforts of the United Nations aimed at arriving at peaceful settlements , and the Federated States of Micronesia lends its full support to ongoing measures designed to keep the peace . In the Pacific , one of the most effective means to that end has always been the Pacific Islands Forum .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	36	Specific obligations The carrier shall during the period of its responsibility as defined in article 12 , and subject to article 26 , properly and carefully receive , load , handle , stow , carry , keep , care for , unload and deliver the goods . Notwithstanding paragraph 1 of this article , and without prejudice to the other provisions in chapter 4 and to chapters 5 to 7 , the carrier and the shipper may agree that the loading , handling , stowing or unloading of the goods is to be performed by the shipper , the documentary shipper or the consignee .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	57	The Government of Guam is currently privatizing the Guam Telephone Authority ( GTA ) . The Government of Guam has set several requirements for the privatization , including a minimum $ 70 million cash bid , that the buyer assume GTA debt of $ 110 million with a federal agency and that the buyer also agree to keep more than 400 workers on the GTA payroll for five years.46 According to the Department of Commerce , there were 84 , 134 primary telephone lines registered in 1998. Of these , 43 , 444 were residential lines and 40 , 690 were business lines .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	74	Article VII , paragraph 16 , subparagraph 3 of the Final Document of the sixth Review Conference clearly reaffirms the importance of Israel 's accession to the NPT and the placement of all its nuclear facilities under comprehensive IAEA safeguards , in realizing the goal of universal adherence to the Treaty in the Middle East . The Arab States therefore call on all the States parties to the NPT to assume their responsibilities in keeping with the provisions of the final document . I would like to refer to General Assembly resolution 58/34 , concerning the establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone in the Middle East , which was adopted without a vote .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	52	The Board inspected the Middle East Office warehouse and noted eight project assets items valued at $ 200 , 393 that were stored in the warehouse although purchased as far back as 2005 and not utilized since then . The reason provided to the Board was that the majority of project assets kept in the warehouse were remnants from 2005 purchases under project budgets , made pursuant to the regional office 's decision taken at the time to create a stock of strategic items from project budget . The stock could be used in future in the event the need arose for rapid response to a crisis .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	29	The discussions on the issue of the extension of the 10-year period had clearly indicated that a more in-depth consideration was necessary . The decision of the Meeting to keep under review the more general issue of the ability of States , particularly developing States , to fulfil the requirements of article 4 of annex II reflected the discussions on the matter . The President highlighted the importance of training to enable States to prepare their submissions to the Commission .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	60	That was on the eve of the United Nations Year for Tolerance ( 1995 ) , which had been proclaimed by the General Assembly in resolution 48/126 . The United Nations continued its efforts along those lines through the year 2001 , which had been declared the United Nations Year of Dialogue among Civilizations ( resolution 53/22 ) , in keeping with its ongoing belief in the important role of dialogue in bringing together different cultures and religions and building on common denominators , with a view to achieving peaceful coexistence and cooperation among nations and peoples . The United Nations is called upon to redouble its efforts to strengthen and raise the level of interfaith and interreligious dialogue by supporting the outcomes and findings of the numerous initiatives and conferences in this field .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	48	If the draft convention made no provision for amendment , the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties would be applicable and major difficulties would be likely to ensue . On the other hand , if the Commission decided to retain draft article 22 , it could not keep the first two paragraphs and delete the third because the reference to possible modifications in draft paragraph 2 ( c ) would be left hanging in the air . Logic demanded that a flexible procedure for making such amendments should be set forth .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	33	1994-2000 Groups of Governmental Experts By its resolution 49/75 C , the General Assembly took note of the report of the 1994 Group of Governmental Experts ( see A/49/316 ) and decided to keep the scope of and participation in the Register under review , requesting Member States to provide the Secretary-General with their views in this regard , as well as on transparency measures related to weapons of mass destruction . The 1997 Group of Governmental Experts continued to elaborate on technical procedures to ensure the effective operation of the Register .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	22	Democratic Republic of the Congo By its resolution 58/123 , of 17 December 2003 , the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to keep under review the humanitarian and economic situation in the Democratic Republic of the Congo with a view to promoting participation in and support for a programme of financial and material assistance to the country to enable it to meet urgent needs in terms of economic recovery and reconstruction . This report , unlike those of previous years , will concentrate on issues of economic recovery , national reconstruction and the fight against HIV/AIDS .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	20	Commending those countries that have recently abolished the death penalty , Welcoming the fact that many countries , while still keeping the death penalty in their penal legislation , are applying a moratorium on executions , Referring to the report of the Special Rapporteur on extrajudicial , summary or arbitrary executions ( E/CN.4/2000/3 ) , with respect to the Safeguards guaranteeing protection of the rights of those facing the death penalty , set out in the annex to Economic and Social Council resolution 1984/50 ,
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	63	The expression “ terminate the procedure ” could be interpreted in the opposite way . It therefore proposed that the last sentence of the paragraph should be replaced by : “ The Committee communicates its views to the State Party concerned and the author of the communication. ” The Working Group discussed the issue and noted that the Committee should be able to keep a case under consideration or to close it . One delegation proposed the following text : “ When the Committee decides to terminate the procedure , it shall communicate its views to the State Party. ”
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	98	No instructions were given either for the purchases to be made in the name of the United Nations , nor was there any attempt by ODCCP to arrange for a United Nations bank account to be opened in Las Palmas for the project funds , as required by Financial Rules and Rules of the United Nations for the handling of United Nations funds ( see financial rule 108.1 ( c ) ) , nor for a closer regional office ( for example , in Senegal ) to be designated . OIOS notes from a review of the receipts kept by the captain that he apparently expended the funds as agreed by ODCCP . The OIOS investigators received copies of statements prepared by the government auditors in the Canary Islands , who conduct monthly and random audits of the captain 's disbursements under the conditions of his operating in the islands as an “ impresario individual ” .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	41	I am especially pleased to once again convey the commitment of the Brazilian Government to protecting and fostering women 's rights . This presents us with an opportunity to forge a new agenda for gender equality , one that is in keeping with contemporary society and that makes social development and world peace in the twenty-first century its highest priorities . Brazil took an active part in the regional preparatory meeting and is a party to the Lima Consensus .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	77	Our world has changed a lot , particularly over the past 10 years . That is why is would be naive to believe that the Council — which was created in 1945 as a reflection of the economic , political and demographic interests of the victorious States of the Second World War — I repeat , it would be naive for us to believe that with its present structure and practices , the Council would be in keeping with present circumstances . The new threats to international peace and security , such as terrorism and the threat to occupy States and change regimes , have ushered us into a new age that requires that decision-making be a collective responsibility rather than serve the interest of a single great Power .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	53	But I think he would agree with me that the deletion of “ 2006 ” in paragraphs 6 , 8 and 9 would be wrong in this case . Therefore , if we are going to keep “ 2006 ” in the formulation proposed for paragraph 10 , then we would insist on keeping “ 2006 ” in the other paragraphs as well . The Chairman : After the representatives of the United Kingdom and of Cuba have spoken , I propose that the Commission give me the opportunity to see what I can do .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	85	Requests the funds , programmes and agencies of the United Nations system and invites financial institutions to support efforts to mainstream the goals of full and productive employment and decent work for all in their policies , programmes and activities ; and in this regard , invites stakeholders to duly take account of the International Labour Organization decent-work country programmes in order to achieve a more coherent and pragmatic United Nations approach to development at the national level on a voluntary basis ; Decides to keep full and productive employment and decent work for all under review and requests the Secretary-General to submit a report on the implementation of the present resolution to the Commission for Social Development at its forty-seventh session and to the General Assembly at its sixty-fourth session as part of the report on the outcome of the implementation of the World Summit for Social Development and of the twenty-fourth special session of the Assembly . 42nd plenary meeting 24 July 2008
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	60	My delegation is concerned that the resolutions adopted by the Security Council on the situation in the Middle East have not been fully implemented . The maintenance of international peace and security is the fundamental purpose of the United Nations , and Member States have agreed to respect and ensure respect for decisions aimed at achieving that objective , in keeping with the spirit and the letter of the United Nations Charter . Similarly , both parties will have to comply with all the main elements of the Road Map and to avoid undertaking actions that undermine trust and affect the negotiations process .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	8	Vanuatu availed itself of this opportunity . In keeping with the Nairobi Action Plan 's emphasis on regions where the level of adherence to the Convention remains low , the Coordinator of the Universalization Contact Group sought to identify regional facilitators in Asia , the Middle East and amongst the member States of the CIS . These facilitators engage States Parties from their respective regions on the margins of Convention meetings to discuss ways in which they will promote universalization among States not parties within their regions .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	57	It now appears as though the occupying forces are preparing to launch a full-scale reoccupation of the Gaza Strip . In this regard , the Israeli Minister of Defense , Mr. Shaul Mofaz , when questioned with regard to Israel 's intentions towards Gaza , including a possible reoccupation , stated , “ I think we must keep all our options open . Even this option of taking over the Strip was considered in the past and is still being considered .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	49	For example , new seed varieties are being developed , including with modern plant biotechnology , which are drought resistant or require less water through stress tolerance , representing a significant potential for critical changes in agricultural production in dry regions . In addition , crop protection products that keep crops healthy are important tools to render crop production more efficient , including in terms of water usage . A developing country example is demonstrated by Eskom — the energy utility in South Africa .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	76	( c ) To continue to consider , on a priority basis and in an appropriate substantive manner and framework , the question of the implementation of the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations related to assistance to third States affected by the application of sanctions under Chapter VII of the Charter based on all of the related reports of the Secretary-General and the proposals submitted on the question ; ( d ) To keep on its agenda the question of the peaceful settlement of disputes between States ; ( e ) To consider , as appropriate , any proposal referred to it by the General Assembly in the implementation of the decisions of the High-level Plenary Meeting of the sixtieth session of the Assembly in September 2005 that concern the Charter and any amendments thereto ;
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	93	Decides to extend the mandate of UNOMIG for a new period terminating on 31 July 2001 , subject to a review by the Council of the mandate of UNOMIG in the event of any changes that may be made in the mandate or in the presence of the CIS peacekeeping force , and expresses its intention to conduct a thorough review of the operation at the end of its current mandate , in the light of steps taken by the parties to achieve a comprehensive settlement ; Requests the Secretary-General to continue to keep the Council regularly informed and to report three months from the date of the adoption of this resolution on the situation in Abkhazia , Georgia , and requests also the Secretary-General to provide for a briefing within three months on the progress of the political settlement , including on the status of the draft paper his Special Representative intends to submit to the parties as referred to in paragraph 3 above ; Decides to remain actively seized of the matter .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	88	In its resolution 2002/2 , the Sub-Commission called upon the Commission on Human Rights to draw the attention of the Counter-Terrorism Committee of the Security Council to the need to include the question of respect for human rights in the study of measures taken by States in the fight against terrorism and the Commission itself to pay particular attention to the compatibility with human rights law of national and international measures adopted or applied to combat terrorism . In the same resolution , the Sub-Commission also decided to keep the matter before it at its fifty-fifth session . Recognition of responsibility and reparation for massive and flagrant violations of human rights which constitute crimes against humanity and which took place during the period of slavery , colonialism and wars of conquest
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	54	His delegation noted the improvement in the timely issuance of documents as a result of the introduction of the slotting system , as described in the report of the Secretary-General on reform of the Department for General Assembly and Conference Management ( A/58/213 ) , but hoped to see further improvement . Rather than keeping summary records , it would prefer to pursue the alternatives referred to in paragraph 42 of that report . Having carefully considered paragraphs 58 to 62 of the report of the Secretary-General on the pattern of conferences ( A/58/194 ) , his delegation believed that the current practice of providing advance copies of draft reports and other documents was consistent with administrative instruction ST/AI/2001/5 on United Nations Internet publishing and made the work of those bodies easier and more efficient. It should be maintained .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-sixth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Mission in Ethiopia and Eritrea ” . Letter dated 31 July 2001 from the Permanent Representative of Burundi to the United Nations addressed to the President of the Security Council
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	6	He was right . The landscape kept repeating itself . I would try to memorize landmarks and saw in a half-hour that it was hopeless .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	23	As to corporal punishment , the emphasis should be placed on teaching parents alternative forms of discipline rather than prosecuting them . In keeping with the Convention on the Rights of the Child , it was important to establish a dialogue between parents , teachers and children and to work closely with the different visions that some countries had concerning corporal punishment . Regarding the comment by the representative of Mali , it was generally agreed that criminalizing female genital mutilation was not the solution .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	29	Juet had made plentiful enemies , several men stepped forward . Hands on Bible , seaman Lodley and carpenter Staffe swore that Juet had tried to persuade them to keep muskets and swords in their cabins . Cook Bennett Mathues said Juet had predicted bloodshed on the ship .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	36	It has been an honour for me to be here . The President : I thank the Minister for Social Development , Ecclesiastical and Gender Affairs of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines for her cooperation in keeping to the time limit . I now give the floor to His Excellency Mr. Abdul Rahim Karimi , Minister of Justice of Afghanistan .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	33	In these circumstances , it is clear that obstruction of urgent reforms that would help improve living conditions is absolutely unjustified on moral as well as political grounds . I will seek to keep this plain fact at the centre of public debate in Bosnia and Herzegovina . At the same time , I will seek a change in the political paradigm that downgrades practical and pressing economic issues and stresses instead a strident and unhelpful kind of posturing .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	86	The support of the Committee and the Special Committee was indispensable in that connection , and support from other Non-Self-Governing Territories within the framework of a general working party of the Territories established by the United Nations , would also be most welcome . She encouraged the United Kingdom to work with the people of the Cayman Islands to educate them about their right to self-determination and to organize a referendum on the question in order to determine whether the amendments to the Constitution were in keeping with the wishes of the people . Ms. Harris withdrew .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	55	The ILO International Training Centre provided training and capacity-building on the elimination of all forms of discrimination to a wide range of actors and , in cooperation with the European Commission , was implementing a major pilot project to increase companies ' awareness of gender issues and the need to combat gender stereotypes . In keeping with its commitment to the promotion of gender equality , ILO itself was working to achieve the target of 50 per cent representation of women in professional posts by 2010 ; the Action Plan for Gender Equality was aimed at achieving that goal . Mr. Seth ( India ) said that the recent high-level event or Millennium Development Goals had revealed that despite progress the gender gap remained considerable and the full potential of women remained untapped , owing largely to lack of resources at the international level and lack of political will at the domestic level .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	49	A stakeholders ' forum was also scheduled for October 2007 to make recommendations on the matter . She concluded by expressing her Government 's support for more frequent meetings of the Committee and its determination to ensure stricter enforcement of existing laws and the enactment of pending bills in keeping with the principles of the Convention . Articles 1 to 6
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	26	No agreement which would command the necessary support of the parties and the international community appears in sight on this question at this time . In keeping with the mandate , the operation has begun to devolve increasing autonomy and self-government to Kosovo , while avoiding any actions that would prejudge the outcome on final status . This requires my Special Representative to retain certain powers , and an operation capable of supporting him in that role .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	43	The armed forces will acquire arms and ammunition in accordance with their needs , following authorization by the executive authority and approval by the National Congress in accordance with the Finance Act . The Ministry of Defence and the Armed Forces Command will keep up-to-date registers of all their stocks of arms and ammunition ; this information will be available to the legal monitoring bodies . Arms and ammunition for police use
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	27	Recommendations under implementation The Board notes that action is ongoing by the United Nations Development Programme ( UNDP ) in respect of the following recommendations and will keep these matters under review . The Board has included comments , where appropriate .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	98	In order to maintain a robust and deterrent posture during the elections , UNOCI will consult with UNMIL on inter-mission arrangements and explore , without prejudice to the implementation of UNMIL 's mandate and ongoing drawdown , the possibility of flexibly deploying reinforcements for a limited period of time immediately before , during and after the elections , in the form of military and air capability support . The mission will work closely with the Facilitator in order to ensure that the parties agree on effective arrangements for the control of the weapons placed in storage , in keeping with the supervisory role entrusted to UNOCI and the Licorne force under the Ouagadougou Agreement and its supplementary agreements , and to offer options to the parties that both suit the Ivorian context and meet international standards of disarmament , demobilization and reintegration processes . UNOCI will encourage the Ivorian parties to clarify the role of the national programme for reinsertion and community rehabilitation and the civic service programme in the new reintegration scheme. It will involve the donor community in designing this process .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	34	The way in which personal rights and duties of spouses were regulated in the Family Law from 1999 was not changed in the new Act . In Articles 31 to 33 provisions have been kept that express values that can be legally expressed : choice of surname , relation between the spouses , decision on residence , decision on childbirth and upbringing of children , decision on performing jobs in the family and right to choice of occupation and profession . Article 32 stipulates that spouses are equal in marriage and must be faithful to each other , mutually assist each other and have mutual respect , as well as maintain harmonious marital and family relations .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	55	( c ) The prohibition of authorized companies from making direct deliveries of narcotic drugs and psychotropic substances to patients who are not residing in their own countries unless authorized by the competent national authorities of the receiving country , as evidenced by their having issued import authorizations ; ( d ) The necessity to keep records of all acquisitions and deliveries of narcotic drugs and psychotropic substances ; ( e ) The obligation to retain all documentary evidence for a period of at least five years , or as dictated by domestic law ;
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	77	The Commission , therefore , reiterates the urgent need to remove restrictions impeding the movement of Agency staff and goods , according to international law , the November 2005 Agreement on Movement and Access and the agreements between UNRWA and the Government of Israel . The Commission encourages UNRWA to continue providing detailed information on outstanding movement and access restrictions to the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the international community to enable them to keep the issue on the agenda of any bilateral or multilateral discussion with the Israeli Government . The Commission expresses its concerns regarding the fact that some UNRWA staff is being detained by Israel , while UNRWA facilities have regularly been subject to forced entry and obstructions by the Israeli military .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	54	However , we can not come to grips with this danger through the so-called Proliferation Security Initiative ( PSI ) , a non-transparent and selective mechanism which limits itself to fighting horizontal proliferation , while ignoring vertical proliferation and disarmament . A number of elements or principles contained in the PSI are not in keeping with actual practice and would violate the basic principles enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations and with principles recognized in international law . Under the PSI , action could be taken which runs counter to key provisions of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	55	Trade secrets could potentially be used to protect a fair amount of TK with commercial value . To do so , the community would have to comply with the condition that the information “ has been subject to reasonable steps under the circumstances , by the person lawfully in control of the information , to keep it secret ” ( TRIPS Art . 39 ( c ) ) . If an individual such as a shaman or a small group of individuals ( e.g. a family ) has exclusive access to information , that individual , group , or the whole community would probably have a trade secret .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	42	At its first meeting , the Constituent Assembly declared Nepal a federal democratic republic , formally ending the 240-year-old monarchy and creating a new opportunity to transform the old feudalistic State into an inclusive and federal new Nepal . That was in keeping with the long-standing aspirations of the Nepalese people . They voted in favour of the change and transformation that my own party had fought for over so many years .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	9	( Unit : persons ) The Government does not keep statistics on offenders of the National Security Act classified by social status such as intellectuals and artists . Furthermore , since the Act is applied by the courts in a strict manner , there have been no cases of wrongful application of the Act .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	69	However , they can also be achieved through cooperation and coordination at the international level to develop experience-sharing activities based , among other things , on the accumulated knowledge within the United Nations system , perhaps by means of worldwide conventions on traffic rules and road signposting . Switzerland fully endorses the role of WHO as a coordinator on road safety issues within the United Nations system , in keeping with the provisions of draft resolution A/58/L.60/Rev.1 . We would wish to see close coordination and cooperation established between WHO and the ECE , which have solid experience in this area .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	42	The objective of this briefing is to present information on the underlying assumptions and the approach taken to arrive at these estimates . The question of additional meeting time in 2009 At its fourth session , the AWG-LCA requested its Chair to keep the need for additional meeting time in 2009 under review in consultation with Parties , the Bureau of the COP and the Executive Secretary , and to propose any action that might need to be taken by the AWG-LCA in a manner that would ensure the effective participation of all Parties , in particular developing country Parties . On that occasion , the Executive Secretary informed the AWG-LCA that , owing to logistical and organizational constraints and the time required to raise funds , any decision on additional meeting time would have to be taken no later than the fifth session .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	24	The issue of data collection and disaggregation and indicators was still very high on the Permanent Forum 's agenda . Agencies were willing to keep supporting efforts aimed at disaggregating data and ensuring that the indicators used were relevant to indigenous peoples . IFAD in particular was making a grant to the secretariat of the Permanent Forum to hold three regional consultations on indigenous indicators of poverty and well-being .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	44	The draft resolution contained in document A/63/L.2 , introduced by Serbia , is an expression of its legitimate right to request an advisory opinion of the Court concerning the unilateral declaration of independence by Kosovo . Cuba believes that the draft resolution is in keeping with the purposes and principles of the Charter and international law . The draft resolution , moreover , is consistent with the positions adopted by the Non-Aligned Movement concerning the relationship between the General Assembly and the International Court of Justice .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	27	Brazil is a staunch supporter of international organizations as forums for cooperation and dialogue . There is no more effective way to bring States together , to keep the peace , to protect human rights , to promote sustainable development and to work out negotiated solutions to common problems . Conflicts such as that in the Middle East continue to challenge the authority of the United Nations .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	24	The situation in the jails is also a cause for concern . Conditions for prisoners in police stations and gendarmerie brigades are not in keeping with international standards . The United Nations Office has organized many training courses in cooperation with the Government to strengthen capacity in this area .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	20	Expresses its support for the declarations of the ministerial meetings of the Peace Implementation Council ; Reaffirms its intention to keep implementation of the Peace Agreement and the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina under close review , taking into account the reports submitted pursuant to paragraphs 18 and 21 below , and any recommendations those reports might include , and its readiness to consider the imposition of measures if any party fails significantly to meet its obligations under the Peace Agreement ; Recalls the support of the authorities of Bosnia and Herzegovina for the European Union Force and the continued North Atlantic Treaty Organization presence and their confirmation that both are the legal successors to the Stabilization Force for the fulfilment of their missions for the purposes of the Peace Agreement , its annexes and appendices and relevant Security Council resolutions and can take such actions as are required , including the use of force , to ensure compliance with annexes 1-A and 2 of the Peace Agreement and relevant Council resolutions ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	60	The delegation of Panama has listened carefully to the report on the progress achieved and the difficulties encountered by Timor-Leste in its effort to carry out the first elections since independence . We have also taken note of comments on the particular support by UNMIT to promote favourable conditions for the holding of fair , credible elections that are in keeping with international standards . However , as we have had opportunity to say in the Council in the past , transparent and credible elections are important , but they are merely one step in the complex process of consolidating a stable , just and representative democracy .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	71	His delegation concurred with those that preferred a cautious approach to the question of the phrase “ acts not prohibited by international law ” . While agreeing that prevention was a matter essentially of risk management irrespective of whether the activities in question were or were not prohibited by international law , his delegation also found merit in the arguments against the deletion of that phrase , including the need to keep the link between the rules regulating the duty of prevention and those governing international liability as a whole . His delegation wished to see included in the Commission 's work consideration of the issue of harm caused to areas beyond national jurisdiction or to the so-called global commons .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	11	Comprehensive control lists and catch all provisions . Licensing and record keeping provisions . - Penal provisions : Up to 14 years imprisonment and Rs.5 million fine or both , and on conviction , offender 's property and assets , wherever they may be , shall be forfeited to the Federal Government .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	90	Legislative provisions also established extraterritorial jurisdiction for that criminal act . In the field of identity-related crime , national laws not only established traditional crimes such as counterfeiting and the circulation of counterfeit documents , but also criminalized a range of other behaviours associated with the misuse of credit card information , including the unauthorized creation , possession or illicit acquisition of electromagnetic records encoded in a credit or a bank card and the obtaining of credit card information through fraudulent acts such as cheating , selling , buying or keeping such information for the purpose of sale . Moreover , new legislation was to be enacted to improve the procedure for collecting evidence related to electromagnetic record mediums , as well as allow for the submission of requests for keeping communication records .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	64	Another modest contribution we are making is in joining the efforts under way for the restoration of peace in Liberia as part of the United Nations Mission in Liberia . Certainly , we are also the beneficiaries of the support of a great many countries through the United Nations Mission in Ethiopia and Eritrea ( UNMEE ) , whose work has been critical for keeping the situation between Ethiopia and Eritrea stable . We are indeed grateful to UNMEE , its personnel at all levels , and to the troop-contributing countries .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	49	Having considered the report of the Commission on its thirty-fifth session , Concerned that activities undertaken by other bodies of the United Nations system in the field of international trade law without adequate coordination with the Commission might lead to undesirable duplication of efforts and would not be in keeping with the aim of promoting efficiency , consistency and coherence in the unification and harmonization of international trade law , as stated in its resolution 37/106 of 16 December 1982 , Reaffirming the mandate of the Commission , as the core legal body within the United Nations system in the field of international trade law , to coordinate legal activities in this field ,
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	32	According to article 7 of the Constitution , “ The State recognizes and protects the ethnic and cultural diversity of the Colombian nation ” . The recognition of this right is in keeping with a new vision of the State , in which the human person is no longer conceived as an abstract individual but as a subject with specific characteristics who claims for himself his own ethnic awareness . Values such as tolerance and respect for what is different become essential within a society that is becoming stronger in diversity , in the recognition that each individual within it is a unique and special subject who can make his own life plan feasible .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	38	KFOR is leading the ongoing task of finding and confiscating illegal weapons with increasing success . These actions are actually fundamental to undermining extremist minorities that prefer violence and intimidation to tolerance and cooperation , and we must keep them going . There are times when the judicious use of force is necessary to set the limits of brutal behaviour .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	38	Reforming the Security Council is an important undertaking , but not an end in itself . President Bolaños said as much in 2004 , when he noted that the Security Council designed after the Second World War to keep the peace in the post-war world is not the Security Council needed for the new age of information technology and globalization . The Security Council must be expanded , in both its permanent and non-permanent membership , and offer an opportunity for permanent voices of the developing world to be heard .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	53	Current international concerns which have implications for the regime established in the Convention and the Agreement include the conservation and management of genetic resources in the international seabed area , the development of resources such as methane hydrates and the establishment of protected areas on the high seas . The Authority will also keep under consideration the possibility of cooperative marine scientific research programmes to broaden the knowledge base of the international community with regard to the deep seabed . Notes
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	70	Further , while the resource requirements for those missions whose mandates emanate from the General Assembly will be sought by means of statements of programme budget implications submitted by the Secretary-General in accordance with rule 153 of the rules of procedure of the Assembly , those requirements are also presented in the current report so as to consolidate the overall requirements for all special political missions . This is in keeping with the request of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions ( see A/57/7/Add.17 , para . It should be noted , however , that any expenditures against appropriations for political missions would be strictly subject to the extension of the relevant mandate .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	44	Invites voluntary contributions to the Transitional Administration in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-fifth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Transitional Administration in East Timor ” . A/55/443 and Corr.1-3 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	79	Reaffirms that any act of enforced disappearance is an offence to human dignity and a grave and flagrant violation of the human rights and fundamental freedoms proclaimed in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights1 and reaffirmed and developed in other international instruments in this field , as well as a violation of the rules of international law ; Urges all Governments to take appropriate legislative or other steps to prevent and suppress the practice of enforced disappearances , in keeping with the Declaration on the Protection of All Persons from Enforced Disappearance , and to take action to that end at the national and regional levels and in cooperation with the United Nations , including through the provision of technical assistance ; Calls upon Governments to take steps to ensure that , when a state of emergency is introduced , the protection of human rights is ensured , in particular as regards the prevention of enforced disappearances ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	47	All this work will feed into the Second Global Aid for Trade Review , which the World Trade Organization will host in June 2009 . But this will not be possible if resources are not mobilized , if financing does not flow , if promises are not kept . And this is why this Conference is a timely reminder that , despite the dire economic situation , we must keep our focus on our global solidarity endeavour .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	15	National occupational health and safety standards are continually being raised . In 2002 , in keeping with the Occupational Diseases Act and building on the work of many previous years , the Ministry of Health revised and reissued some 157 statutes covering more than 500 such national standards , including the framing of health standards , for industrial enterprises , restrictions on occupational contact with noxious factors in the workplace , diagnostic standards for occupational diseases , radiation-protection standards and diagnostic standards for radiation-related diseases . Together , these many reforms make up a distinctively Chinese system of standards in occupational health and safety that is in line with prevailing international norms. The Government intends to reorganize and systematize the existing occupational-disease data network and improve the data systems designed to control occupational poisoning .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	49	The outside world had heard more about the curative aspects because of some of the initiatives undertaken , for example , on issues related to the provision of antiretroviral drugs and the debate on the prevention of mother-to-child transmission ( MTCT ) . In fact , Botswana tried to keep a reasonably good balance between preventive and curative responses . It was one of the few countries in the region where nationwide approaches were being implemented .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	92	The ICTR judge who also demits office on 24 May 2005 , at the same time as the ICJ judge and after precisely the same years of service , will only receive a pension of $ 50 , 000.00 , the ceiling set in article 1 ( 2 ) ( g ) of annex III , but which , be it remembered , is reached in the shorter period of eight years . This is the biggest disparity in the pension — $ 38 , 000.00 ; it is clearly not in keeping with the statutory requirement that the conditions of service of the ICTR judge be the same as those of the ICJ judge ; both judges have earned the same monthly , yearly and aggregate salary over the same period . Of course , the disparity is even greater for the vast majority of ICTR judges whose service did not commence prior to 1 January 1999 .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	62	If the encumbered assets are of a non-fungible nature , the secured creditor must keep tangible assets in an identifiable form and not commingle such assets with other assets . If the encumbered assets are fungible and commingled with other assets of the same nature , then the secured creditor 's duty to keep the encumbered assets identifiable becomes a duty to keep assets of the same quantity , quality and value as the assets originally encumbered . ( e ) Duty to allow inspection by grantor
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	25	Paragraph 9 states , “ mines will remain a serious hazard ” for UNIFIL in southern Lebanon . We wonder , is this position in keeping with the culture of peace aimed at putting an end to the armed conflict that the Israeli representative alleges that his Government is seeking ? Finally the representative of Israel referred to the relationship between Lebanon and Syria .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	22	• Providing transcriptions of debates and other conferences , including plenary sessions • Ensuring audio and video broadcasting of Court sessions , keeping a record of the procedure and making it available for the public , including via Internet • Maintaining the proper judicial archiving of all the material submitted to the Court
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	7	Comments of the Board The Board will keep this matter under review . Chapter III Audit opinion
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	49	Capital punishment did not exist in her country and neither the Government nor any of the main political parties had the intention of changing that state of affairs in any way . Poland , moreover , was a sponsor of the draft resolution against the death penalty , in keeping with the position of the European Union , of which it was a member . Mr. Hijazi ( Observer for Palestine ) , speaking in exercise of the right of reply , said it was unfortunate that the representative of Israel tried to justify the massive human rights violations his Government was committing , by using dishonest arguments whose only aim was to allow Israel to shirk its legal and moral obligations and absolve itself of any responsibility for its actions .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	21	Then , one after another , the villagers tied the waiting cotton strings around our wrists . These were to be kept on , to hold in the 32 souls . As we stepped out into the sunlight , a man came up to John Cool and silently showed him his hand .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	33	As we understand it , the Protocol does not apply to State-to-State transactions . China believes that the draft Protocol that was negotiated and agreed by the Ad Hoc Committee should have been kept unchanged so as to avoid any disruption of the consensus reached . Given the fact that the Chairman of the Ad Hoc Committee said that his correction was purely technical and did not constitute a substantive revision , China does not object to that technical correction .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	55	It also urges the State party to further strengthen family planning services , ensuring their availability to all women and men , young adults and teenagers . While welcoming the fact that reservations to articles 11 ( 1 ) , 13 ( a ) and 16.1 ( d ) and ( f ) are being kept under regular review , the Committee notes that they remain . The Committee calls upon the State party to study carefully the nature and thrust of the remaining reservations within the context of article 23 of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women and the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties , with the aim of withdrawing them as soon as possible .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	16	No action was taken by the Council following this meeting . “ The Council continues to keep the evolving situation in the Middle East under active review through monthly briefings , open meetings and informal consultations . During these meetings , the Council members reiterate their support for a just and comprehensive settlement in the Middle East based on resolutions 242 ( 1967 ) , 338 ( 1973 ) , 1397 ( 2002 ) and 1515 ( 2003 ) , the foundations of the Madrid Conference , the principle of land for peace , agreements previously reached by the parties and the initiative of Saudi Crown Prince Abdullah endorsed in Beirut at the summit-level Council of the League of Arab States. ”
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	24	We continue to believe that Israelis and Palestinians need to agree among themselves . Russia supports any agreements from them if they are in keeping with the fundamental elements of the international legal basis for the settlement . What is particularly important is outside support for the negotiations .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	46	It was created more than sixty years ago , under the still-fresh impression of the horrors of the Second World War and with a strong focus on matters of peace and security . Today , the world is a different place , and yet we must keep turning to the United Nations to solve our problems together and to protect those most in need and danger . We applaud the Secretary-General and the dedicated United Nations personnel for their hard work .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	60	Article 21 of the Act outlines the precautionary measures to be taken , at the violator 's expense , in cases where any of the acts provided for in articles 15 and 18 have been committed . Such measures include closure of the site , installation , plant or facility where the radioactive sources , materials or equipment are being kept or used if its continued existence , its continued operation , the handling of stocks therein or its use constitutes a threat to public safety or health or the environment . In addition , any unlicensable radioactive sources , materials or equipment shall be confiscated , whereas those which are licensable shall be retained and their use prohibited and they shall be placed in the Nuclear Energy Commission 's storage facilities or any other place deemed suitable by the Commission 's Board of Directors until such time as they are licensed .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	46	Noting that contemporary forms of victimization , while essentially directed against persons , may nevertheless also be directed against groups of persons who are targeted collectively , Recognizing that , in honouring the victims ' right to benefit from remedies and reparation , the international community keeps faith with the plight of victims , survivors and future human generations , and reaffirms the international legal principles of accountability , justice and the rule of law , Convinced that , in adopting a victim-oriented perspective , the international community affirms its human solidarity with victims of violations of international law , including violations of international human rights law and international humanitarian law , as well as with humanity at large , in accordance with the following Basic Principles and Guidelines ,
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	77	The investigating judge , who intervened without a preliminary investigation ( which , according to the source , constitutes another procedural irregularity ) closed the pre-trial proceedings with a dismissal order dated 22 March 1998 , in view of the fact that the only evidence against Mr. Fall was based on the truncated report of the Court of Audit . Nevertheless , because the prosecutor appealed against the decision of the investigating judge , Mr. Fall was kept in detention , which , according to the source , constitutes a violation of the Code of Penal Procedure . On 4 April 1998 , the Court of Appeal of Nouakchott confirmed the order of dismissal of Mr. Fall 's case .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	21	Requests the Rapporteur to report to the Special Committee in 2006 on the implementation of the present resolution ; Decides to keep the question of Puerto Rico under continuous review . Consideration of other matters
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	30	The representative of Nigeria , speaking on behalf of the African Group , recalled that all groups had welcomed the multi-stakeholder partnerships at UNCTAD XI . These partnerships were in keeping with global trends , and the African Group appreciated UNCTAD 's efforts in that regard . The African Group had stressed the importance of commodities several times in the course of the Board 's session , including under the items on trade , African debt and LDCs .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	45	In its capacity as Chairman of the Intergovernmental Authority on Development and the Common Market for Southern and Eastern Africa , Sudan has been adopting policies and measures that strengthen and promote cooperation between the countries of those bodies . Those policies are also in keeping with the NEPAD goals of achieving peace , development and well-being for the people of the continent as a whole . To that end , we have held several specialized conferences in the areas of economic cooperation , disarmament , fighting terrorism and in addressing the issues of displaced persons and refugees .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	55	The Committee had information to the effect that violence against women , particularly domestic violence , was on the rise . So one of two things was true : either women were not being properly educated about their rights in that regard ; or it was not considered important for police centres to compile and keep records of those complaints . The delegation should explain how the protection plan was working .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	36	There was also concern over the reduced number of UNDP audits , in particular with regard to country offices , and what procedure was followed when country officers performed poorly . Delegations stressed the importance of keeping tabs to ensure that resources were accounted for and spent accordingly . With regard to cost-recovery policy , the organization should ensure that core resources did not subsidize non-core resources .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	52	At its 10th meeting , on 26 June 2002 , the Special Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly that the Committee continue to be represented at seminars , meetings and conferences organized by United Nations bodies and other intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations active in the field of decolonization . In keeping with its decision of 12 February 2002 , the Committee would authorize its Chairman to hold consultations , as appropriate , concerning its participation in those meetings , as well as the level of representation , when accepting invitations . In accordance with established practice and on the basis of the principle of rotation , the Chairman would hold consultations with the Bureau members who , in turn , would consult with the members of the Committee from their respective regional groups .
keep%2:31:00::	keep.v	103	Recalling further Resolution No. 4/6-ICIM issued by the 6th Session of the Islamic Conference of Information Ministers , held in Cairo , Arab Republic of Egypt , on 7-8 Muharram 1424H ( 10-11 March 2003 ) on the Information Society ; Underlining the importance of Stage II of the World Summit on the Information Society , which is to be held in Tunis ( on 16-18 November 2005 ) and the importance of integrating the two phases of this Summit as interrelated stages in the examination of optimal ways to bridge the digital divide between the developing countries and industrial ones , while keeping sight of the impact of the information society on economic , social , and cultural development ; Invites all the OIC Member States to participate actively in the preparatory work for the second stage of this Summit in order to ensure that its proceedings will be crowned with an effective partnership plan to establish a balanced and shared information society .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	62	The active participation of all stakeholders in this transition should be sought [ , be they governmental , including subnational and local government , private business or civil society , including the youth and addressing the need for gender equity ] . ] Those developing countries that were and are low carbon economies need sufficient financial incentives and appropriate technology transfer to keep avoiding GHG emissions in their path to sustainable development and to prevent adopting the high GHG emission trajectories of developed countries . Alternative to paragraph 10 :
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	33	In other words , the effect of marriage or of a consensual union is to relegate the woman 's initial name to the background . However , nothing prevents a married woman from keeping her maiden name and adding her husband 's to it . The problem with the period of time required before remarriage
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	29	Afghanistan is virtually on the brink of becoming a drug State . We believe that in the near future the most effective strategy — and the one most in keeping with realities in Afghanistan in this regard — should be one that provides tight control of Afghanistan 's borders with neighbouring countries by strengthening and establishing new anti-drug “ security belts ” , which the States members of the CSTO have consistently called for . The CSTO has developed a plan of action to counter the terrorist and narcotics threats emanating from Afghanistan .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	67	In developing countries , however , the few available evaluations suggest that their impact is less positive , owing perhaps to the fact that many labour transactions are informal and that workers thus prefer other channels of job search . Employment subsidies are intended to encourage employers to hire new workers , frequently from disadvantaged groups such as the long-term unemployed or older workers , or to keep employees who might otherwise be laid off . They help workers avoid disconnection from the labour market and to develop work-related skills .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	28	Achieving these objectives must include efforts to enhance coordination and forge stronger partnerships between national , regional and international actors . The deliberations of the Peacebuilding Commission will keep informing the priority plans , which focus on immediate priorities from among the broader peacebuilding challenges under discussion in the Commission . These priorities , in turn , form the basis for developing concrete projects for possible funding by the Peacebuilding Fund .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	65	In consultation with sponsors and supporters of the initiative , Brazil and New Zealand also decided to reflect in a more precise way the current status of the process of consolidation of nuclear-free zones in the southern hemisphere . Therefore , we propose the splitting of the original operative paragraph 2 into three new paragraphs — now paragraphs 2 to 4 — which in essence keep the thrust of original paragraph 2 , with necessary language adaptation . In paragraph 2 , we recognize that all original parties to the Treaty of Rarotonga have now ratified it and call upon eligible States to adhere to the Treaty and its protocols .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-sixth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo ” . Letter dated 20 December 2002 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1132 ( 1997 ) concerning Sierra Leone addressed to the President of the Security Council
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	38	We tried to achieve a consensus on the agenda items for the substantive meeting in 2004 . We actively supported the constructive proposals of items that were presented by the Non-Aligned Movement in a timely fashion and in keeping with the provisions set out in General Assembly decision 52/492 . Regrettably , the text of draft resolution L.42 does not include any specific items in operative paragraph 5 .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	18	The reform of the Security Council should not pose difficulties to anyone . We are all responsible for keeping this world safe . It is only when Member States consider their national interests to be an integral part of the wider interests of the international community that they can set aside their apprehension with regard to a Security Council enlarged in both the permanent and non-permanent categories .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	28	Zambia is one of over 110 States that do not have stockpiled anti-personnel mines . I hope that the number of possessors that have completed stockpile destruction will keep on growing each year . Given the successes recorded in recent years in mine action , Zambia hopes that many countries will be declared landmine-free before the end of the mine-action strategy for 2001-2005 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	58	The discussion that took place is summarized below : The establishment of property rights , transparency and public accountability are essential to urban development and revitalization ; These conditions are essential to creating an environment where information can be reliably exchanged between lenders and creditors , confidence can be developed , and agreements ( contracts ) made and kept ; Slum dwellers constitute a group whose organizational and technical capabilities are not often exploited in existing lending frameworks - in other words , are not monetized ; Community-based organizations can provide the resources ( financial and other ) , energy , and organizational coherence needed for urban revitalization . Women 's micro-credit groups , in particular , have excellent credit histories with financial institutions , proving that the urban poor can be reliable in their dealings with banks .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	62	The Security Council deserves our appreciation for painstakingly compiling the report and presenting it to the general membership , in accordance with the United Nations Charter . The fact that two of the four missions launched during this period — in Kosovo and East Timor — were in the realm of nation-building confirms the multiplicity of challenges the United Nations faces in keeping the peace . Over the years , there has been a consistent demand by the general membership to make the Security Council more transparent and democratic in its functions and more representative in its structure .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	64	On 19 July President V.V. Putin of the Russian Federation signed the federal Act on ratification of the Agreement on Adaptation of the Treaty on Conventional Armed Forces in Europe , which had been adopted by the State Duma on 25 June 2004 and approved by the Federation Council on 7 July . The Agreement on Adaptation of the CFE Treaty is fully in keeping with the interests of the Russian Federation . It should make a major contribution to strengthening European security .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	43	The Assembly also endorsed the proposal of the Secretary-General to establish an inter-agency task force and an inter-agency secretariat for disaster reduction for an initial period covering the biennium 2000-2001 , as the main instruments for the implementation of the Strategy . In keeping with the provisions of General Assembly resolution 54/219 , the present report reviews the status of the implementation of the International Strategy for Disaster Reduction. It also includes a review of the institutional arrangements after the first year of operation and makes appropriate recommendations on the subject . Impact of natural and related environmental and technological disasters
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	29	Those with a youngest child aged 0-5 years were required to attend an annual mandatory interview . A dual abatement regime allowed beneficiaries with a part-time work test to keep more of their earnings , while those with a full-time work test had a heavier abatement rate to encourage them to move into full-time rather than part-time work . The work-testing regime included a sanctions regime for reduction of benefit for failure to comply with work-testing without reasonable grounds .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	84	Actually , the reality proves abundantly that the agreements concluded between the Republic of Moldova and the Transnistrian party , as well as the non-fulfilment of the international commitments undertaken by the Russian Federation regarding the withdrawal of its military forces from this zone of the Republic of Moldova , are being used by the separatists from Tiraspol to gain time for the consolidation of the situation . Their policy is directed against the formation of a unitary and independent State , determined to keeping old ideological , judicial and economic orientations . The Republic of Moldova is available to continue dialogue and direct contacts with the administration of Tiraspol , but the intransigent position of the separatists has led in practice to the unilateral suspension of negotiations .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	58	We also welcome the mobilization of civil society , which makes it possible to strengthen monitoring of the activities of national armed forces and of non-State armed groups and of their practices towards children in conflict situations . We have also noted the ongoing mobilization of the special task forces on monitoring and reporting , which strive to keep the spotlight on violations of children 's rights in countries in conflict situations . My delegation gathers from this report that the Security Council has not yet fully reflected in its actions the need to pay equal attention to the issue of children and armed conflict , regardless of whether the countries concerned are on its agenda .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	13	Lots of cheese made from June grass milk is served . Hens are kept on the range and roosters are kept with them for their fertility . Organ meats such as beef and chicken liver , tongue and heart are planned once a week .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	119	In the field of identity-related crime , national laws not only established traditional crimes such as counterfeiting and the circulation of counterfeit documents , but also criminalized a range of other behaviours associated with the misuse of credit card information , including the unauthorized creation , possession or illicit acquisition of electromagnetic records encoded in a credit or a bank card and the obtaining of credit card information through fraudulent acts such as cheating , selling , buying or keeping such information for the purpose of sale . Moreover , new legislation was to be enacted to improve the procedure for collecting evidence related to electromagnetic record mediums , as well as allow for the submission of requests for keeping communication records . With regard to prevention , Japan made reference to domestic legislation that imposed strict customer identification requirements on mobile telephone carriers and mobile telephone rental shops .
keep%2:31:00::	keep.v	48	This does not mean that any and all commitments by the receiving State to take measures to prevent a person suspected of constituting a threat to the sending State even after removal have to be rejected . It might be acceptable for a receiving State to undertake to keep a person returned to its territory under surveillance , as long as such surveillance does not amount to a deprivation of liberty without charges , is not as intrusive as to violate other fundamental rights ( e.g. the right to respect for privacy and family life ) , and is subject to periodic review . Since its establishment , the Working Group on Arbitrary Detention has tried to cooperate in avoiding detention in violation of the rights enshrined in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights , or at least diminishing the number of persons so detained .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	38	Article 13 Specific obligations The carrier shall during the period of its responsibility as defined in article 12 , and subject to article 26 , properly and carefully receive , load , handle , stow , carry , keep , care for , unload and deliver the goods . Notwithstanding paragraph 1 of this article , and without prejudice to the other provisions in chapter 4 and to chapters 5 to 7 , the carrier and the shipper may agree that the loading , handling , stowing or unloading of the goods is to be performed by the shipper , the documentary shipper or the consignee .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	50	It would welcome discussion of that issue and was supported in its request by the 56 Member States of the United Nations which were members of the Organization of the Islamic Conference ( OIC ) . He hoped his delegation 's request would be supported by the General Committee in keeping with the fundamental principles of the Organization . The Chairman said that the representative of Turkey had expressed the wish to address the Committee on the matter under rule 43 of the rules of procedure .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	77	He appealed to the Committee to consider positively and without delay his request for resources to implement the second phase of the peacekeeping reform process when examining his proposals for the next biennium . While he welcomed the steps that had already been taken in response to the recommendations of the Panel on United Nations Peace Operations , more must be done if the Organization was to become more effective in carrying out its primary task of keeping the peace . Another fundamental requirement for the effective functioning of United Nations operations was staff security , to which he attached great importance .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	62	What is relevant in the present context is that in none of these cases of exercise of the rights inherent in securities or of dispositions of them do certificates need to be moved or presented . The exercise of rights embodied in securities is made on the basis of book entries at the two or more levels at which books are being kept . The same is true for dispositions of the securities .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	22	This provides for the possibility of deploying so-called agents as a link in the chain of investigations . Furthermore , PET can keep material gathered during an investigation concerning counter-terrorism as long as it is deemed relevant without court authorisation even though the investigation does not turn into a criminal case . Before undertaking intrusive measures the specific measure is laid before the court for a priori authorisation .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	15	Requests the Secretary-General to give all necessary assistance to the Special Rapporteur ; Decides to keep the situation of human rights in Afghanistan under consideration at its fifty-sixth session , in the light of additional elements provided by the Commission on Human Rights and the Economic and Social Council . Resolution 217 A ( III ) .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	38	Of all these challenges , however , the total elimination of nuclear weapons must remain the top priority . GOAL : To strive for the elimination of weapons of mass destruction , particularly nuclear weapons , and to keep all options open for achieving this aim , including the possibility of convening an international conference to identify ways of eliminating nuclear dangers Despite widespread and persistent calls for transparency , there are no official figures available on either the number of nuclear weapons in the world today or their total cost .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	43	The Committee has learned of recent Supreme Court decisions that appear to take the existence of that decree-law into account , particularly in reducing the applicable penalties for serious crimes committed during the dictatorship ( art . The Committee recommends that , in keeping with its earlier recommendations , the State party abrogate the Amnesty Decree-Law . The Committee draws the State party 's attention to paragraph 5 of its general comment No. 2 on the implementation of article 2 of the Convention by States parties , wherein it considers that amnesties or other impediments which preclude or indicate unwillingness to provide prompt and fair prosecution and punishment of perpetrators of torture or ill-treatment violate the principle of non-derogability .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	25	Assessed contributions receivable In paragraph 35 of the Board 's report for the period ended 30 June 2007 , the Board recommended that the Administration keep under review the matter of the non-provision for delays in the collection of outstanding contributions . The Administration would like to note that the same recommendation was reiterated in paragraph 26 of the Board 's report for financial year ending 30 June 2008 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	20	The Committee welcomed and supported the Quartet 's road map and called on the parties to implement it . In keeping with its mandate , the Committee continued to work towards creating conditions that would allow the Palestinian people to realize its inalienable rights , including the right to self-determination and to its own independent State , on all of the Palestinian territory occupied in 1967 , including East Jerusalem . The Committee also promotes support and assistance by the international community to the Palestinian people .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	64	Article 44 provides that a party who fails to give due notice of non-conformity as required by articles 39 or 43 nevertheless has the option to recover damages “ except for loss of profit ” if he establishes a reasonable excuse for his failure . Article 50 authorizes an aggrieved buyer to reduce the price according to a stated formula when it receives and keeps non-conforming goods . The buyer may waive its right to damages under articles 74 to 76 by claiming instead for the reduction of the price under article 50 .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	45	( f ) To continue to consider , on a priority basis , ways and means of improving its working methods and enhancing its efficiency with a view to identifying widely acceptable measures for future implementation ; Notes that the Special Committee decided not to keep on its agenda the topic relating to the consideration of the working paper submitted by the Russian Federation , entitled “ Fundamentals of the legal basis for United Nations peacekeeping operations in the context of Chapter VI of the Charter of the United Nations ” ; Invites the Special Committee at its session in 2009 to continue to identify new subjects for consideration in its future work with a view to contributing to the revitalization of the work of the United Nations ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	20	Acknowledges the improvement in the staffing granted to the Working Group and requests the Secretary-General : ( c ) To keep the Working Group and the Commission regularly informed of the steps taken for the wide dissemination and promotion of the Declaration ; Requests the Working Group to report on its activities to the Commission at its sixty-second session ;
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	48	Mr. Najafi ( Islamic Republic of Iran ) : Before we go into recess , as I understood it , there is a proposal to delete both new paragraphs 10 bis or 11 bis and 11 . I did not hear any sort of strong feeling expressed for keeping those two paragraphs . If that is the case , then perhaps we do not need to recess and can just agree on deleting those two paragraphs and proceed directly to consideration of paragraph 12 .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	33	Documents prepared by the Bureau , such as the telecommunication development plans , master plans or sectoral studies , usually include a satellite component . Administrations of member States will continue to be kept informed on a regular basis , through the fortnightly information circulars of the Radiocommunication Bureau and the special sections annexed thereto , now published on CD-ROM , of the basic technical characteristics , frequency assignments and orbital positions of space systems communicated to the Bureau . This information is also made available on the Internet .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	25	The TIS solutions would address automation of bank reconciliations , cash forecasting , foreign exchange revaluation and cash and investment accounting . The Board will keep under review the implementation of automated process and control including risk-management functionalities as part of the enterprise resource planning system . Automated credit limits
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	83	Despite continued efforts to curb the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and their delivery vehicles , notably ballistic missiles , the spread of those weapons remains one of the most serious security threats to the international community . We believe that , as the Secretary-General urged in his report entitled “ Road Map towards the implementation of the United Nations Millennium Declaration ” ( A/56/326 ) , the international community should strive for the elimination of weapons of mass destruction and should keep all options open for achieving that aim . It is the long-held conviction of the Government of the Republic of Korea that we need to consolidate existing multilateral instruments and arrangements and at the same time develop an international system that is tailored to addressing new kinds of threats , as they often find a way to circumvent existing barriers .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	42	Once approved , it will permit the day to day regulation of remittance agencies ( money transmission agencies ) by the Bank of Jamaica . Under the Money Laundering Act , remittance service agencies are designated and , therefore , have record keeping and reporting obligations . Other activities are also covered by the Act , which regulates other entities .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	40	At the same time , it has included new countries in its agenda , such as Guinea-Bissau and , more recently , the Central African Republic . We are pleased to observe that , during its second session , in keeping with the principles of its mandate , the Commission has redoubled its efforts to improve its focus and its working methods . The establishment of comprehensive peacebuilding strategies and follow-up mechanisms for Burundi and Sierra Leone is one example ; others are the Commission 's ability to draw on lessons learned and its flexibility in adapting them to new national specificities .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	78	Finally , part of his cover-up is diplomatic work to the Council , the African Union , the Arab League and the United Nations , promoting and proposing ceasefires that he never complies with , promising justice that he never delivers and promising to disarm Janjaweed militias — and the next day saying , well , not the reserve forces — and , finally , threatening retaliation . Using proxy force is the last strategy he uses to keep his plan working . So I am just talking about how the crimes are committed , and I have to alert the Council .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	42	Provision must be made in the regular budgets of States for social and development policies and programmes targeted at indigenous peoples . A rights-based budget approach must be followed , whereby decisions at all stages of the budget process are taken in keeping with the principles of transparency , accountability , non-discrimination and participation . Recommendations to donors and international agencies
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	3	E. Observations In keeping with the request of the General Assembly in resolution ES-10/13 , I have concluded that Israel is not in compliance with the Assembly 's demand that it “ stop and reverse the construction of the wall in the Occupied Palestinian Territory ” . Israel has repeatedly stated that the Barrier is a temporary measure .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	37	The Brahimi report contained a set of measures to expand the ability to recruit military and civilian personnel . His delegation believed that regional organizations could play an important role in organizing and coordinating activities intended to keep and restore peace. It would be worthwhile to study ways of instituting active cooperation between such organizations and the United Nations in that area. In the Brahimi report , however , the possibility of regional organizations ' cooperating with the Security Council was mentioned only in passing . There were no recommendations in the report on ensuring the safety of peacekeeping personnel ; that was why the Secretariat was currently preparing a report on that question , to which his delegation looked forward .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	46	The Commission , in making its recommendations , also undermines the important role which has been played and continues to be played by the African Union in resolving the Darfur conflict and addressing the human rights violations . The role of the African Union is in keeping with and has been recognized by the following : Article 52 of the Charter of the United Nations ; paragraph 3 of Security Council resolution 1564 ( 2004 ) and the Protocol on the Improvement of the Humanitarian Situation in Darfur , signed on 9 November 2004 , and concluded under the auspices of the African Union . The Government has arrested , charged and prosecuted many violators of human rights in Darfur .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	43	Troop-contributing countries and other members of the United Nations community were given an opportunity to share their views with the Council on ways to improve that relationship and in so doing improve the possibility of success in peacekeeping operations . This was in keeping with the doctrine established in resolution 1327 ( 2000 ) . The troop-contributing countries provided the Council with a number of important recommendations aimed at enhancing peacekeeping operations and involving the troop-contributing countries in a collaborative effort .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	66	In any case , if any general principles were to be required regarding general average , it was said to be preferable to deal with them in the context of draft article 15 . After considering the differing views , it was noted that the Working Group was divided between those who favoured the elimination of draft article 5.5 and those that preferred it to be kept . Those that favoured keeping the provision considered that it was in need of further study and clarification ( as the discussion had indicated ) .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	34	Reaffirming the condemnation of these heinous acts and recalling the various relevant resolutions adopted by the Security Council and the General Assembly , Emphasizes that all measures adopted against terrorism should be strictly in keeping with international law , and particularly with international norms and obligations in the sphere of human rights ; Draws attention to the incompatibility of certain laws , regulations and practices recently introduced by a number of countries , in particular those which call into question the judicial guarantees which are intrinsic to the rule of law , notably in relation to police custody , arbitrary detention , incommunicado detention , the rights of the defence and the right to an effective remedy ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	109	( c ) To that end , the Law on Copyright and Related Rights has been adopted ; it is published in the Official Journal , No. 166 and 167 of 31 August and 1 September 1999 ; ( d ) This Law extends copyright protection to all original intellectual creations produced in the fields of letters , arts and science , recognizing a set of rights vested in the holder that ensure respect for the author ( such as moral rights ) and other rights that prevent the use or exploitation of the work by other persons without the author 's permission ( property rights ) , in keeping with the Political Constitution of the Republic , the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the principal international copyright treaties ; ( e ) The First Summit of Garifuna Peoples of Central America and the Caribbean , in its Garifuna Summit Declaration , encouraged participating Governments to recognize the importance of establishing a National Garifuna Day .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	6	Outstanding advances of implementing partners UNFIP keeps project fund records separate from the accounting records maintained in the Integrated Management Information System . As at 31 December 2001 , the financial statement , consistent with IMIS data , presented outstanding advances to implementing partners valued at $ 88.9 million , while the UNFIP tracking database reflected a balance of $ 75 million .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	21	of its thirty-seventh session ( A/59/17 ) Mr. Popkov ( Belarus ) said that Belarus was revising its insolvency laws in keeping with the relevant UNCITRAL texts . The development of international trade as a means of promoting economic growth and raising the standard of living for citizens required the harmonization of international trade law , a task which UNCITRAL was carrying out through its model laws and legislative guides .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	42	Women 's share in agricultural labour , such as food production , traditional processing of agricultural products and marketing of products , was high . The representative informed the Committee that , according to Congolese legislation , women had the right to keep their nationality upon marriage and in cases where their husbands changed nationality . Legislation gave girls and boys equal access to education , and public schooling was free and mandatory until the age of 16 .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	14	Area of separation positions All infrastructures in the area of separation positions and outposts kept in service after 30 June 2005 have been thoroughly renovated or replaced , as necessary . Camp Faouar
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	88	In this respect he will maintain the operational readiness of the stocks ; receive , inspect , store and maintain commodities ; replace commodities as directed by the Director of the Logistics Support Division ; prepare stocks for shipment , as directed by the Director of the Logistics Support Division ; maintain inventory records and life data history for commodities ; and manage the UNLB strategic deployment stocks maintenance budget allocation . The Secretariat will procure and store materials at UNLB and ensure that strategic deployment stocks are kept current and serviceable . To this end , the Secretariat will rotate certain items — for example , vehicles and electronic data-processing equipment — to other missions so that the items do not become obsolete .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	83	The established quota for election to municipal councils/assemblies was applied in 2000 , when 595 or 17 , 9 % women were elected ( only 2718 men were elected ) , while at the municipal elections in 1997 only 5 , 4 % of women were elected . According to available data , it is apparent that the application of obligatory candidate quota ensured a higher number of women in legislative bodies at all levels of authority , so it is necessary to keep this quota . For instance , at the elections for the House of Representatives of the Parliament of the Federation BiH , in 1996 only 7 women were elected or 5 % , but in 2000 there were 24 women or 17 , 1 % .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	37	Several European countries have met the targets they set for themselves , and a few other countries are moving in the same direction . At the same time , however , the failure of wealthy countries to keep that promise is hard to understand . It is a disappointing setback , and I can only hope for a change of heart in the future .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	73	Mexico is convinced of the importance of regional and international cooperation , and in this context we would like to make available our own public and private institutions for human resource training in the area of health , to share our accumulated experience and to provide technical advice in the design of indicators that allow us to evaluate both the impact of the epidemic and the global response to it . Mexico will keep its doors open to the whole world , allowing free entry to and exit from our country without any form of discrimination . We are ready to play our part in a responsible manner in the global fight against HIV/AIDS , which is also a fight in favour of development , peace and human dignity .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	115	The Committee considers that , in the present case , the difference in the cut-off points for each ballot is linked to the issue being decided in each vote : the 20-year cut-off point - rather than 10 years as for the first ballot - is justified by the time frame for self-determination , it being made clear that other ties are also taken into account for the final referendum . 14.7 Noting that the length of residence criterion is not discriminatory , the Committee considers that , in the present case , the cut-off points set for the referendum of 1998 and referendums from 2014 onwards are not excessive inasmuch as they are in keeping with the nature and purpose of these ballots , namely a self-determination process involving the participation of persons able to prove sufficiently strong ties to the territory whose future is being decided . This being the case , these cut-off points do not appear to be disproportionate with respect to a decolonization process involving the participation of residents who , over and above their ethnic origin or political affiliation , have helped , and continue to help , build New Caledonia through their sufficiently strong ties to the territory .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	39	This development could enhance the efforts of the UN and donor countries to provide humanitarian and development assistance for the people of Somalia . The Ministers strongly urge the UN Security Council to authorize deployment of the UN peace keeping force to succeed from African Union Mission in Somalia ( AMISOM ) and urge NAM members in the UN Security Council to support for authorization of such forces . The Sudan
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	28	Least Developed Countries Classification Leaders agreed to increase collective efforts to raise awareness of vulnerability issues impacting on small island states , and urged the United Nations to keep under review the graduation criteria for Least Developed Countries so that the economic vulnerability criterion was given more prominence when considering graduation , particularly within the context of the country impact assessment reviews . On 19 August 2008 , Australia , New Zealand , the World Bank and the Asian Development Bank launched the Pacific Region Infrastructure Facility to assist Pacific island countries develop and maintain critical economic and other infrastructure .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	39	Therefore , we are in the process of dealing with this . Your support for this agreement is really welcome , and in any case , this is what we expected from this Organization , because it is in keeping with the beliefs and , indeed , with the mission of the United Nations . Thank you very much for the support .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	29	They singsonged the portion at the teacher , who accompanied them in an off-key baritone and spurred them on with the stick . The tapping defined the rhythm and kept the boys awake . I could not keep my eyes away from the boy with the red hair .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	44	With regard to immunity , a provision should be included in status-of-forces agreements for peacekeeping operations guaranteeing a waiver of immunity in the event that a United Nations staff member committed an offence subject to criminal prosecution . Such a provision would be in keeping with the general principle of international law against impunity . If a member of a peacekeeping mission committed a crime , the host State should have priority jurisdiction .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	33	“ 7. Requests the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session for its consideration a report on the work of the Ad Hoc Committee ; “ 8. Decides to keep the matter under review and to include in the provisional agenda of its fifty-eighth session a sub-item entitled `Preventing and combating corrupt practices and transfer of funds of illicit origin and the returning of such assets to the countries of origin ' under the item entitled `Sectoral policy questions'. ” At the 38th meeting , on 20 November , the Vice-Chairman of the Committee , Bruno van der Pluijm ( Belgium ) , introduced a draft resolution entitled “ Preventing and combating corrupt practices and transfer of funds of illicit origin and returning such funds to the countries of origin ” ( A/C.2/57/L.46 ) , which he submitted on the basis of informal consultations held on draft resolution A/C.2/57/L.9 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	16	We have passed the halfway mark . This is our final chance to urge you to keep your promises , and it is your final warning that action needs to be taken . It is no longer a question of what to do or how to do it , but of what is given priority .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	34	The Committee also notes that a continuous review of the functions of the Building Management Service is being undertaken to identify further possibilities for increased efficiency . The Committee recommends that the matter be kept under review . VIII.112 In the course of its consideration of the present budget section , the Advisory Committee was informed that the common fund would be subject to review during the coming biennium , the result of which could affect the shares of the participating organizations and the host Government .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	52	Since fly cutters are one sided and not balanced , they should be used at the slowest speed available , and fed very slowly to avoid binding . Fly cutters can fool you into putting your hand too close to the tool , so if you want to avoid nicked fingers , keep your hands well out of the way . When drilling all the way through a workpiece , always place a piece of scrap wood underneath .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	63	Financial institutions and other regulated entities are mandated to implement a comprehensive , all encompassing and effective anti money laundering and counter financing of terrorism compliance program . This program is constructed on five pillars , namely , knowing the customer ( KYC ) also known as customer due diligence ( CDD ) , recognition of suspicious transactions , reporting suspicious transactions , keeping records and conducting AML/CFT training on an ongoing basis . Resolution 1455 ( 2003 ) calls on member states to provide “ a comprehensive summary of frozen assets of listed individuals and entities. ” Please provide a list of assets that have been frozen in accordance with this resolution .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	23	Welcoming the recent signature of the Second Optional Protocol by some States , Welcoming also the fact that many countries , while still keeping the death penalty in their penal legislation , are applying a moratorium on executions , Referring to the report of the Special Rapporteur on extrajudicial , summary or arbitrary executions ( E/CN.4/2001/9 and Corr.1 ) with respect to the Safeguards guaranteeing protection of the rights of those facing the death penalty , set out in the annex to Economic and Social Council resolution 1984/50 ,
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	49	It was currently giving positive consideration to the ratification of the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Rights of the Child on children in armed conflict . The Government had put in place a series of legislative and administrative measures aimed at protecting the rights of children in keeping with the foregoing conventions and protocols . It had also established a comprehensive nationwide organizational structure to address women 's and children 's issues involving the relevant State agencies and had outlined a plan for the development of children in China for 2001-2010 which focused on health , education , legal protection and the environment .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	34	The same applies in the case of adoption by an opposite-sex couple . If the adoptive parents are unmarried , or are of the same sex and married to each other , the child keeps the surname he/she already has unless an explicit choice is made for the surname of one of the adoptive parents . A child who is adopted by , and thus enters into a family-law relationship with , the spouse , registered partner or other life partner of his/her parent , retains his/her surname unless an explicit choice is made for the surname of the spouse or partner .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	37	The aircraft was an Ilyushin-18 , showing a Liberian registration EL-ALY . The Panel had asked Liberia to provide records of landings and departures from its airports but according to the Liberian authorities no such records were kept . In November 2000 , Liberia provided the Panel of Experts on Sierra Leone with a full list of its aircraft registry .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	121	The present report is submitted in compliance with the request contained in paragraph 42 of General Assembly resolution 58/270 of 23 December 2003 , in which the Assembly recalls its decision 57/579 of 20 December 2002 and requests the Secretary-General to continue to strengthen the United Nations web site through further redeployment of resources to the required language posts and to report on the status of its implementation to the Assembly at its fifty-ninth session . In its decision 57/579 , the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General , inter alia , to continue to strengthen the United Nations web site through further redeployment of resources within the Department of Public Information , giving priority to the language posts required and to keep the question of the equality among the six official languages on the web site under review . The Assembly also requested the Secretary-General to proceed with the implementation of the proposals on strengthening the web site contained in the report of the Secretary-General ( A/57/355 ) .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	35	Yet in declaring the Second Decade , the United Nations had shown its awareness that there was still work ahead . On the question of Western Sahara , Guinea unequivocally favoured a political solution in keeping with Security Council resolution 1429 ( 2002 ) . It encouraged the Secretary-General and his Personal Envoy to pursue their efforts to find an acceptable way out of a dispute that had lasted too long .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	99	I would also like to pose the question of whether it would be feasible to consider a generic response to this question , for example general undertakings to increase reliability of future systems , while recognising that more intensive and extended work will be necessary to deal with specific systems given the complexity and sensitivity of the relevant issues . A possible approach could be to commence work on the one or two types of munitions that so far seem to be of most concern , and working out the consequences of possible measures for these types , while keeping open the option of addressing other types of munitions in a later phase , if desirable and feasible . The adequacy of existing International Humanitarian Law ( IHL ) in minimising post-conflict risks , both to civilians and to the military .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	89	I appeal therefore to all bilateral and multilateral partners of Guinea-Bissau , in addition to actively participating in the forthcoming round-table conference , to explore in the interim other mechanisms and arrangements , including through international and national non-governmental organizations , to speedily assist the people of Guinea-Bissau in re-establishing income-generating activities and energizing its private sector . Finally , I wish to pay tribute to my Representative , Samuel Nana-Sinkam , and to the staff of the entire United Nations country team for their dedicated efforts to help keep the peace-building process in Guinea-Bissau on course , despite multiple challenges . Fifty-sixth session
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	48	The first variant of the second sentence Support was expressed for the approach taken in the first variant of the second sentence set out in square brackets , particularly since requests by shippers for through bills of lading were increasingly a part of modern maritime carriage and in keeping with industry practice , for example , in cases where the carrier could not perform the inland carriage or the shipper 's own merchant haulage arrangements were required , but where a documentary credit required that the transport be covered by a single transport document . There was support in the Working Group for the approach taken in the first variant of the second sentence of the text , that when the carrier acted as agent of the shipper outside of the carrier 's obligations in the contract of carriage , the carrier should only be responsible as agent , and should not be subject to the draft convention with respect to those additional services .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	57	The President : Members will recall that , at its 63rd plenary meeting , on 15 December 2005 , the General Assembly decided to include this item in the agenda of the sixtieth session . Ms. Chassoul ( Costa Rica ) ( spoke in Spanish ) : The delegation of Costa Rica requests agenda item 160 be kept on the agenda for the sixty-first session . As we all know , inclusion of this item was initiated by my Minister for Foreign Affairs , whom I have consulted and who has asked me to request that it be kept on the agenda .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	102	Expresses its determination to consider further appropriate measures , including under Article 41 of the Charter of the United Nations , if one or both of the parties fail to comply with the demands in paragraphs 1 and 2 above ; Demands that Ethiopia accept fully and without further delay the final and binding decision of the Eritrea-Ethiopia Boundary Commission and take immediately concrete steps to enable , without preconditions , the Commission to demarcate the border completely and promptly and expresses its determination to monitor closely the actions of both parties in relation to the demarcation of the border and to keep this matter under consideration ; Expresses its deep appreciation for the contribution and dedication of the troop-contributing countries to the work of UNMEE and , in light of the risk of further deterioration of the situation , appeals to them to persevere in maintaining their presence and contribution to the activities of UNMEE , despite the immense difficulties which they are facing ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	53	Having considered the reports of the Commission on the work of its resumed fortieth and its forty-first sessions , Reiterating its concern that activities undertaken by other bodies in the field of international trade law without adequate coordination with the Commission might lead to undesirable duplication of efforts and would not be in keeping with the aim of promoting efficiency , consistency and coherence in the unification and harmonization of international trade law , Reaffirming the mandate of the Commission , as the core legal body within the United Nations system in the field of international trade law , to coordinate legal activities in this field , in particular to avoid duplication of efforts , including among organizations formulating rules of international trade , and to promote efficiency , consistency and coherence in the modernization and harmonization of international trade law , and to continue , through its secretariat , to maintain close cooperation with other international organs and organizations , including regional organizations , active in the field of international trade law ,
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	64	Despite the fact that Ethiopia is a developing country , having limited capacity to extend development assistance to other countries in order to protect and promote human rights , the country has given peacekeeping forces to assist countries in keeping peace within their country , which is crucial for the existence of legal order and the protection of human rights . The Ethiopian peace keeping force has served in Rwanda , Burundi , Liberia and Somalia presenting aid to the countries forces to keep peace and stability within . The country is recently preparing a force to send to Sudan , Darfur for similar purpose .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	14	It was so decided . The President ( spoke in Spanish ) : In keeping with established practice , I should now like to invite the attention of the General Assembly to document A/ES-10/438 , concerning Article 19 of the Charter . May I take it that the General Assembly duly takes note of the information contained in this document ?
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	80	According to the above-mentioned article if a creditor 's claim in the insolvency proceedings taking place in one foreign State is partly realized , a creditor 's claim in the second proceedings can be realized only after other creditors ' claims of corresponding status . Concerning this issue the Preamble of Regulations 1346/2000 states that in order to ensure equal treatment of creditors , the allocation of assets have to be coordinated , and every creditor should be able to keep what s/he has received in the course of insolvency proceedings and should be entitled to participate in the allocation of total assets in other proceedings only if creditors with the same status have obtained the same proportion of their claims . A creditor who , after initiating the proceedings mentioned in Article 3 , Paragraph 1 , receives a complete or partial fulfilment , exercising any instruments ( including compulsory ) , of his/her claim from assets that belong to a debtor and that are situated in another Member State , has to send the received dividends back to the liquidator according to Articles 5 and 7 .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its sixty-first session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Integrated Mission in Timor-Leste ” . To be adopted by the General Assembly .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	20	We are concerned about the settlement issue . We have already said that we expected the Government of Israel to keep its promise to deal with the settlements upon completion of the relocation process . We continue to expect this .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	64	On 13 September 2006 , the newly appointed Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Kosovo , Joachim Rucker , addressed the Security Council in a public debate on recent developments in Kosovo and on further progress in the implementation of standards , on the basis of the latest report of the Secretary-General on Kosovo ( S/2006/707 ) . Mr. Rucker underlined the importance of keeping up the momentum in the efforts by the Provisional Institutions of Self Government to maintain progress in standards implementation . Statements were also made by the representatives of Serbia , Finland ( on behalf of the European Union ) , Albania and Ukraine .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	46	The Special Rapporteur views as good practice the existence of public and private programmes to facilitate communication by migrant domestic workers with their families by means including the Internet and special telephone tariffs . The Special Rapporteur underlines the need to ensure that reliable registers are kept of migrant domestic workers . To that end , she urges States of origin and of destination to develop computerized systems for the registration of such workers .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	85	With the exception of the Middle East , there has been no other region of the world , throughout the history of the United Nations , where so many peace operations have been deemed necessary as the region south of Slovenia and north of Greece . We thus not only have an interest in creating the conditions for the success of the present United Nations missions in Kosovo and in Bosnia ; we have a strong interest in assisting a region where the peace is kept by others to become a region where the peace is kept by the region itself . But we must all recognize that we have a long way to go .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	68	For the time being , the Special Rapporteur is of the opinion that the international disputes around Belarus , as well as the international ambitions relating to it , do not have a favourable influence on the promotion of human rights in that country . The preservation of the status quo of the human rights situation in Belarus is perceived by many international actors as the way to keep the geopolitical status quo . As long as Belarus is seen as being a part of a larger geopolitical game , the international community will be divided when the problem of human rights in Belarus comes onto the agenda .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	39	Following extensive efforts to clarify the text of paragraph 3 to resolve the apparent ambiguity in the text , the Commission took note that it had not been possible to reconcile the different interpretations of the provisions . In keeping with its earlier decision , the Commission approved the substance of draft article 12 and referred it to the drafting group . An additional view was expressed with respect to the interrelationship between draft article 12 and the right of control .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	8	( b ) Recent and future measures In keeping with recommendations made in 2001 by its bipartite Joint Maritime Commission and subsequent decisions by its governing body , ILO has consolidated the majority of its maritime labour conventions and recommendations into a single framework convention , the Maritime Labour Convention , 2006 . After more than four years of extensive consultation , the Maritime Labour Convention , 2006 was adopted on 23 February 2006 at the ninety-fourth session of the International Labour Conference ( by a record vote of 314 in favour and none against , with two of 106 countries abstaining for reasons unrelated to the substance of the Convention ) .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	35	He further stated his understanding that there were efforts under way to adopt New York State legislation to bring the situation back to status quo ante . Until then , all missions were requested to keep their receipts for later reimbursements . The observer of Italy thanked the representative of the host country for his explanations and clarifications on this matter .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	58	Recalls the endorsement of the report of the Forum Ministerial Committee on New Caledonia by leaders of the Pacific Islands Forum at its 36th Summit , held in Papua New Guinea in October 2005 , and the continuing role of the Forum Ministerial Committee in monitoring developments in the Territory and encouraging closer regional engagements ; Decides to keep under continuous review the process unfolding in New Caledonia as a result of the signing of the Nouméa Accord ; Requests the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples to continue the examination of the question of the Non-Self-Governing Territory of New Caledonia and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its sixty-fifth session .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	23	The Committee took note of the oral report on the subject presented by the representative of the Secretariat . The Committee agreed to keep the item under review . Requests for exceptions to section I , paragraph 7 , of General Assembly resolution 40/243
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	46	We urge all States which have not yet done so to submit their reports to the Committee and reiterate our readiness to consider any request for assistance or advice to such States as might be required . The European Union welcomes the Committee 's intention to keep the facilitation of further reporting and the promotion of the implementation of resolution 1540 ( 2004 ) through outreach activities among the top priorities of its future work . In that regard , we would like to inform the Council that the European Union will adopt a joint action to provide support to three regional seminars in China , Ghana and Peru , which will be organized by the 1540 Committee in the second half of this year .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	55	We are convinced that ending the embargo and normalizing United States-Cuban relations overall would hep to improve the situation concerning Cuba and enhance its involvement in international and regional processes . The continuation of the economic , commercial and financial embargo against Cuba by the United States of America is counterproductive , is not in keeping with the spirit of the times and is a remnant of the cold war that hinders the establishment of a new , just world order based on the Charter of the United Nations and international law . Guided by the fundamental principles of the Charter regarding the inadmissibility of any discriminatory measures or interference in the internal affairs of States , we maintain our position that it is necessary to vote in favour of the draft resolution calling for the embargo to be lifted .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	81	The SPT recommends that the Maldives Police Service develop a standardised and unified record for registering contemporaneously and comprehensively all key information about an individual 's deprivation of liberty and that police staff be trained to use this appropriately and consistently. The SPT recommends that the records should include at least the following information : Furthermore , the SPT recommends that , in order to ensure systematic recording of all relevant information , supervising officers should exercise strict oversight of record keeping . Complaints process
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	20	I only suggested that as a way out . Now that we are out of the hole , I would keep paragraph 4 as it is and , hopefully , the Commission will accept the amendment proposed by the representative of the United Kingdom . If there is no objection , paragraph 7 , as amended , will read :
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	37	Also decides that all staff appointed or assigned to non-family missions should be installed in accordance with conditions of the United Nations common system , without the special-operations approach ; Requests the International Civil Service Commission to keep the issue of United Nations common system conditions of service in the field under review ; Decides to keep the issue of United Nations common system conditions of service in the field under review ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	25	The Committee or the Working Group shall indicate a deadline for the submission of such additional information or clarification . If the deadline is not kept by the State party concerned or the author of a communication , the Committee or the Working Group may decide to consider the admissibility of the communication in the light of available information . If the State party concerned disputes the contention of the author of a communication that all available domestic remedies have been exhausted , the State party is required to give details of the effective remedies available to the alleged victim in the particular circumstances of the case .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	24	They showed their commitment by signing the political party accord in May of this year . Yet , to achieve those goals and to keep our word , we must overcome numerous challenges in the short , medium and long term . The support of the United Nations will be essential at each step of this tortuous road .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	53	( f ) The development and formulation of a comprehensive policy to improve the gender , geographic and ethnic balance of UNICEF staff ; ( g ) Staff well-being , which will focus on stress and HIV/AIDS prevention efforts and ensure that mechanisms for care and support are in place and accessible to keep staff healthy and productive . IT plays a key role in ensuring that the organization has the technology to simplify work processes and improve productivity , facilitate information-sharing , improve the safety and security of field personnel , and support new software applications. The $ 10 million budget will be used for the following activities :
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	69	In 1959 , the Yacht Safety Bureau was reorganized by the National Association of Engine and Boat Manufacturers and a group of insurance underwriters to provide a testing laboratory and labeling service for boats and their equipment . A new waterfront site for the bureau is now being built at Atlantic City , New Jersey , to provide the most modern marine testing facilities as a further tool to keep the sport safe . In addition to these activities , the NAEBM , with headquarters at 420 lexington Avenue , New York City , as well as other associations and individual manufacturers , provide and distribute films , booklets , and public services in regard to proper boat handling and safety afloat .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	87	The draft resolution adopted by the Sixth Committee on the item , which is scheduled for consideration by the General Assembly on 12 December 2000 , renews the mandate of the Ad Hoc Committee . It is proposed that the Committee should meet from 12 to 23 February 2001 , in order to continue the elaboration of a draft comprehensive convention against international terrorism , but also to consider the outstanding issues on the draft international convention for the suppression of acts of nuclear terrorism and to keep on its agenda the question of convening a high-level conference on terrorism . In this context , I should like to draw the attention of the members of the Council to the 2000 United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime , even if that Convention does not focus expressly on terrorism .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	67	I therefore recommend that the Security Council extend the mandate of the mission for a further period of six months , until 15 December 2009 . At the same time , in light of my earlier stated intention to keep all peacekeeping operations under review , and , more specifically , as the Security Council has reaffirmed in resolution 1847 ( 2008 ) , I will continually keep the operations of UNFICYP under close review , taking into account developments on the ground and the views of the parties , and will revert to the Council with recommendations as appropriate for further adjustments to the UNFICYP mandate , force levels and concept of operations as soon as warranted . In conclusion , I wish to express my gratitude to my Special Adviser , Mr. Downer ; my Special Representative and Chief of Mission , Mr. Zerihoun ; the Force Commander , Rear Admiral Mario César Sánchez Debernardi ; and to the men and women serving in UNFICYP and the good offices mission for the efficiency and dedication with which they have discharged the responsibilities entrusted to them by the Security Council .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	38	( a ) Respect the right to privacy , the dignity and the rights of persons with disabilities , and the information collected from persons with disabilities should be on a voluntary basis ; ( b ) Be kept only in a statistical format without identifying individuals and should be kept secure to prevent unauthorized access or misuse of information ; ( c ) Ensure that the design and implementation of data collection is done in partnership with persons with disabilities , their representative organizations and all other relevant stakeholders ;
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	46	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of programmes of assistance to the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations decisions relating to decolonization , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly ,
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	50	The Committee urges the Government to reform existing legislation and to create new legislation to protect the equal rights of women and men in regard to labour , social , family and property . The Committee expresses its concern that Jamaica 's passport law provides that a married woman may keep her maiden name on her passport only if she insists or for professional reasons and that , in those cases , a note would be entered in her passport with the name of her husband and the fact of her marriage . The Committee calls upon the Government to bring the passport law into line with article 16 ( g ) of the Convention .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	37	( a ) To continue to consult with regional leaders in coordination with the President of the African Union about ways to bring about a peaceful and durable solution to the conflict ; ( b ) To keep under review the humanitarian and economic situation in the Democratic Republic of the Congo with a view to promoting participation in and support for a programme of financial and material assistance to the country to enable it to meet urgent needs in terms of economic recovery and reconstruction ; ( c ) To submit to the General Assembly at its sixtieth session a report on the actions taken pursuant to the present resolution .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	35	Invites the Special Rapporteur to provide updates , as appropriate , of his reports on the situation of human rights in Afghanistan to the General Assembly and the Commission on Human Rights ; Decides to keep the situation of human rights in Afghanistan under consideration at its fifty-seventh session , in the light of additional elements provided by the Commission on Human Rights and the Economic and Social Council . * The report of the Committee on this item will be issued in six parts , under the symbol A/56/583 and Add.1-5 .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	97	Noting the obligation of all States , pursuant to the provisions of the Convention , to cooperate in the conservation and management of living marine resources , and recognizing the importance of coordination and cooperation at the global , regional , subregional as well as national levels in the areas , inter alia , of data collection , information-sharing , capacity-building and training for the conservation , management and sustainable development of marine living resources , Noting with satisfaction that the Review Conference agreed to continue the informal consultations of States parties to the Agreement and to keep the Agreement under review through the resumption of the Conference at a date not later than 2011 , to be agreed at a future informal consultation of States parties to the Agreement , Calling attention to the need for more work to develop port State measures and schemes , and the critical need for cooperation with developing States to build their capacity in this regard ,
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	60	That is central to the needs of both the United Nations and regional organizations in the fulfilment of their common responsibilities for maintaining peace and in the prevention of armed conflict . The challenge , as we see it , lies in devising practical arrangements for strengthening the relationship between the United Nations and regional and other intergovernmental organizations in keeping with the provisions of Chapter VIII of the Charter . In that regard , the African Union has done a tremendous job under very difficult circumstances , both in brokering the Darfur Peace Agreement and in monitoring the N'Djamena Ceasefire Agreement .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	31	The Aide Memoire and background documents are valuable resources for the Commission . Women 's participation in peace negotiations are crucial if women are to be play the roles in peace keeping and peace building actions that Resolution 1325 calls for . It is essential that women 's voices be heard early on in the process so that their interests are included as new or revised legal and political structures emerge from the chaos of war-torn societies .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	27	Mr. Kogda ( Burkina Faso ) said that his delegation welcomed the proposal to establish a world solidarity fund for poverty eradication . If donor countries had kept their often-repeated commitment to earmark 0.7 per cent of GNP for ODA , the world would not be struggling with the scourge of poverty . He agreed with the Secretary-General 's proposal to have the fund managed through the United Nations Capital Development Fund ( UNCDF ) .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	20	The creation of cultural centres and multipurpose venues is another resource-intensive area . These are places which are more in keeping with a concept of culture that makes no distinction between a chamber music concert and video projection to a large audience . The work of the Department of Architecture in the Ministry of Public Works is more focused .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	36	A comprehensive and long-term strategy should be developed in each country to target the three main groups involved in terrorism : individuals inspiring terrorism , individuals supporting terrorists logistically , and active terrorists . Identify and keep updated lists of senior clerics responsible for Spreading propaganda and inciting criminal behavior . Neutralize the logistical cells through basic intelligence gathering and through shared information provided by allies .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	14	And so Mel Chandler got the spirit of Garryowen . He set out to keep Troop H the best troop in the best regiment . One of his innovations was to see to it that every man - cook and clerk as well as rifleman - qualified with every weapon in the troop .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	20	Lots of cheese made from June grass milk is served . Hens are kept on the range and roosters are kept with them for their fertility . Organ meats such as beef and chicken liver , tongue and heart are planned once a week .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	109	Recalling the Declaration on Measures to Eliminate International Terrorism , contained in the annex to resolution 49/60 of 9 December 1994 , wherein the General Assembly encouraged States to review urgently the scope of the existing international legal provisions on the prevention , repression and elimination of terrorism in all its forms and manifestations , with the aim of ensuring that there was a comprehensive legal framework covering all aspects of the matter , Recalling its decision in resolutions 54/110 of 9 December 1999 and 55/158 of 12 December 2000 that the Ad Hoc Committee established by General Assembly resolution 51/210 of 17 December 1996 should address , and keep on its agenda , the question of convening a high-level conference under the auspices of the United Nations to formulate a joint organized response of the international community to terrorism in all its forms and manifestations , Noting regional efforts to prevent , combat and eliminate terrorism in all its forms and manifestations , wherever and by whomsoever committed , including through the elaboration of and adherence to regional conventions ,
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	38	( 1 ) Chapter 2 , section 3 , of the Guide to Practice is devoted to the particularly sensitive issue of what are commonly called “ late reservations ” . reservations , but which are not in keeping with the time periods during which they may , in principle , be considered as such , since the moments at which reservations may be formulated are specified in the definition of reservations itself . ( 2 ) In practice , however , it is not uncommon for a State to try to formulate a reservation at a different moment from those provided for by the Vienna definition and this possibility , which may have some definite advantages , has not been totally ruled out by practice .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	39	A review and assessment of UNMOVIC training activities was conducted late in 2003 , to identify lessons learned to aid future training . The Commission 's staff have also continued to make visits to technical meetings and workshops to keep up to date with the latest equipment and techniques which may have applications in future monitoring in Iraq . Staff
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	50	Collected funds can only be used for purposes different than those stated in the notification to the police if the Ministry of Justice gives permission , cf. section 4 ( 2 ) of the order . Proper accounts of all profits and expenses in relation to the collection must be kept , cf. section 5 ( 1 ) of the order . The accounts must be revised by a state-authorized public accountant or by a registered accountant .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	26	Acknowledges with great concern the difficulties encountered by the Working Group in the accomplishment of its mandate and requests the Secretary-General : ( c ) To keep the Working Group and the Commission regularly informed of the steps taken for the wide dissemination and promotion of the Declaration ; Requests the Working Group to report on its activities to the Commission at its sixtieth session ;
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	75	The 2006 integrated mission planning process is an effort to provide a much-needed integration framework for a full United Nations presence in the field. However , such efforts are hampered by the major and interrelated challenges of limited financial and human resources that impair the managerial and organizational capacity of the Organization . Difficulties also arise from the way the deployments are mandated or planned , especially where there is little or no peace to keep , which is a fundamental existential test for peacekeeping . Such an environment requires not only adequate measures to guard against higher risk in planning and budgeting , but also improved engagement , communication and cooperation among the Secretariat , the troop-contributing countries and the Security Council .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	36	As we will be assuming the presidency next month , we look forward to the customary cooperation of all members in our deliberations . Our predecessors have set a high standard ; we will strive to keep it so next year . The President ( spoke in French ) : I thank the representative of Mauritius for the kind words he addressed to me and to my delegation .
keep%2:40:09::	keep.v	65	There is also an urgent need to scrap the requirements that prevent news agencies and newspapers or periodicals expressing opinions from operating on a permanent daily basis , both in the print media and on radio and television . More specifically , any practice aimed at restricting eligibility for jobs for political or ideological reasons , for example by requiring job-seekers or those wishing to keep their jobs to produce a card showing their membership of the governing party , should be stopped and prohibited . C. Principle of legality
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	104	In this context , and in order to update harmonize views , Mexico is actively promoting the inclusion of ideas and definitions adopted in other international instruments with respect to the definition of illicit conduct ; cooperation in judicial matters and extradition ; and the development of a draft protocol to amend the Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Material , a fundamental instrument for strengthening measures to prevent a terrorist act against nuclear materials and installations . We also recognize the Agency 's efforts to improve the quality and impact of the Technical Cooperation Programme through the development of better projects in keeping with national priorities and with enhanced socio-economic impact , promoting the optimal use of national and regional capacities . Mexico welcomes the request made by the IAEA General Conference to Mr. ElBaradei that enhanced efforts be made to improve external contracting or subcontracting mechanisms so as to strengthen technical cooperation among developing countries .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	34	It is proposed that the 7MSP agree that : The President , upon receipt of an extension request , should inform the States Parties of its lodgment and make it openly available , in keeping with the Convention practice of transparency ; the President and the Co-Chairs and Co-Rapporteurs of the Standing Committees , jointly prepare a review of the request indicating , inter alia : Clarifications of facts sought and received from the requesting State ; demining plans for the extension period ; resource and assistance needs and gaps ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	32	The International Civilian Support Mission in Haiti ( MICAH ) was launched on 16 March 2000 in accordance with the decision of the General Assembly last December . This decision was in keeping with the expressed wishes of Member States to continue to assist the Haitian people in their goal of attaining development and democracy . I endorsed this approach in my recent report to the Security Council on the United Nations Civilian Police Mission in Haiti ( S/2000/150 of 25 February 2000 ) .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	85	It expects to review fully the proposed staffing table for the period from 1 July to 31 December 2001 in the context of the budget report for the period from 1 July 2001 to 30 June 2002 to be submitted to the General Assembly at its fifty-sixth session . Since actual requirements for MONUC for the period from 1 July 2001 to 30 June 2002 are likely to be far in excess of the amount that has been requested by the Secretary-General , and in keeping with its view that ex post facto appropriation of amounts already assessed should , if possible , be avoided , the Advisory Committee recommends an initial appropriation with assessment of $ 200 million for the financial period . Conclusion
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	30	Efforts were being redoubled as the public sector became less able to absorb their growing numbers . The Sudan carried out numerous projects and programmes for the elderly , in keeping with the 2002 Madrid International Plan of Action on Ageing . A law on care for the elderly , already drafted and expected to be passed shortly , would represent a great step in the strengthening of the rights of older persons .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	50	They founded an independent Nordic nation , which had its own political and legal structure fully based upon Old Norse traditions , in which the Ting ( parliament ) was the supreme seat of power . Over the centuries , and still today , the People of the Faroes have kept their own national , historic , linguistic and cultural identity . The Kingdom of Norway and the Kingdom of Denmark entered into a union in 1380 through an inter-Nordic regal marriage that was formally enshrined in the Treaty of Bergen of 1450 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	14	Those are the ideals we pledged to serve 60 years ago . Let us keep our promise . The President : I thank the Prime Minister of the French Republic for his important statement .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	26	That was the stated position that the administering Power had maintained for many years . The administering Power appeared to have no problems spending money to keep Montserrat dependent . However , the administering Power had yet to suggest a modality by which it would assist the Territory to move out of its colonial state , and eventually achieve independence .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	65	In the report of the Secretariat of 21 December 2000 on the world situation with regard to illicit drug trafficking , the problem of electronic crime was considered and the recommendation made that Governments develop national policies supporting law enforcement responses ( E/CN.7/2001/5 , para. 150 ) . Law enforcement agencies were called upon to liaise with service providers to ensure that relevant data was kept by the providers long enough to permit its recovery for investigative purposes and to work together in combating money-laundering via the Internet . In January 2002 , a subsidiary body of the Commission , the Heads of National Drug Law Enforcement Agencies , Europe , held a regional meeting of experts to examine the problems faced by law enforcement agencies that encountered new technologies in drug-related investigations .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	32	The Tribunal informed the Board that FPMS was also used for the monitoring and settlement of education grant claims . The system allowed the Tribunal to calculate correctly the entitlements and to keep track of the amounts reimbursed with a built-in cross-reference link to the maximum allowable expenses and maximum grant amount . For the Finance Section part , the approval function was performed in the Sun system financial package ; therefore , it was not necessary for the education grant also to be approved in FPMS .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	98	Examples of the activities of the ProVention Consortium include research to document the economic and financial impact of disasters on longer-term development ; the promotion of standards for assessing damage and recovery needs ; identification of disaster risk hot spots to inform priority investments in disaster mitigation ; and the exploration of better ways to manage the financial impact of disasters and promote investment for disaster prevention . The Office for Outer Space Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat has continued to carry out its activities in the field of space applications for disaster reduction , also in keeping with the recommendations of the Third United Nations Conference on the Exploration and Peaceful Uses of Outer Space . The Scientific and Technical Subcommittee of the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space will review in 2003 possible global operational structures for disaster management .
keep%2:35:10::	keep.v	32	His acquittal was definitely confirmed on 3 July 2002 by the Appeal Chamber of the ICTR . The Working Group , which might have remained competent if the person concerned had been kept in detention as a result of the failure of States to cooperate with the ICTR , notes with satisfaction that Ignace Bagilishema has been finally acquitted after having been released and taken in by a third country . Should the Working Group ever receive another similar case , it would remain competent , since the continued detention is attributable not to the International Criminal Tribunal , but to non-cooperation on the part of States .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	25	( a ) The criminalization of the strategy of money-laundering ; ( b ) A requirement on financial institutions to know their customers and to keep records of transactions ; ( c ) Powers to trace , freeze and confiscate criminal proceeds , keeping in mind the need to maintain an appropriate level of confidentiality to protect legitimate customer interest and to ensure confidence in the financial system ;
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	51	The premises housing the archives , including any space where the records will be used , must have a robust physical security infrastructure . Preservation of the Tribunals ' archives , including audio-visual and other digital records , requires migration to new applications as technology changes to ensure that they are kept accessible . Preservation also requires that the physical infrastructure presents the capacity to store the hard-copy and digital records in appropriate environmental and storage conditions with resources to maintain the facility .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	84	The categorical rejection of the Commission 's report , which the State party has declared to be inadmissible , and the creation some weeks later of a national commission of inquiry , which has clearly not sought to identify precisely those responsible for the violations drawn to the Government 's attention , also prompt the greatest concern on the part of the Committee . The State party should adopt legislative or other measures to combat and prevent the perpetration of such violations , in keeping with articles 6 and 9 of the Covenant and the Principles on the effective prevention and investigation of extra-legal , arbitrary and summary executions . ( 10 ) The Committee notes with satisfaction that for several years no death sentence imposed by a court has been carried out in Togo , but it remains concerned about the vagueness of the crimes for which the death penalty may be imposed .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	44	An automatic modification of Cuba 's vote with regard to all of the texts that , in part or in whole , refer to the NPT should not therefore be expected . Cuba will be assessing its vote on a case-by-case basis , in keeping with the general balance of each draft resolution . I should like to take this opportunity , on behalf of my delegation , to convey our sincere gratitude to all those who have shown sympathy for and recognition of Cuba .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	78	By way of explanation regarding how a shipper 's obligations might still be increased despite the fact that there was currently no limit on a shipper 's liability in the draft convention , it was noted that a shipper 's liability might , for example , be increased from one based on negligence to one of strict liability . While there were some suggestions to delete the paragraph completely , there was agreement in the Working Group to keep the paragraph in the text and to remove the square brackets surrounding it . Some doubts were raised with respect to the word “ or increases ” which appeared in square brackets in subparagraphs ( a ) and ( b ) .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	60	States are urged to comply with their obligations under international human rights , labour , refugee and humanitarian law relating to refugees , asylum-seekers and other non-citizens . The international community is urged to provide such persons with protection and assistance in an equitable manner and with due regard to their needs in different parts of the world , in keeping with principles of international solidarity , burden-sharing and international cooperation . Notes
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	17	Of those three candidates , Uganda is an endorsed candidate . Members are reminded that , in keeping with established practice , of the two States to be elected from Africa and Asia , one should be from Africa and one from Asia . For the one vacant seat from among the Latin American and Caribbean States , there is one endorsed candidate , namely , Mexico .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	48	Investigative resources were strengthened with the passage of Act No. 10446 of 8 May 2002 , which contains provisions governing criminal acts with inter-State and international repercussions that must be prevented and punished in Brazil based on uniform standards . It is important to note that , in keeping with the constitutional principles of a democratic State based on the rule of law , the Government does not accept denunciations or follow up rumours , allegations and insinuations unsubstantiated by solid evidence . Where it detects the existence of a system of support for terrorist activities , the Federal Government takes the appropriate domestic legal measures and notifies the target State of the criminal act so that it could alert its security organs .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	22	Therefore the buyer was entitled to set-off . The Court left however open the question of whether the buyer 's right to keep the benefit of the resale could be directly inferred from the CISG or whether this issue was governed by the applicable German law , according to which set-off was also admissible . Case 349 : MAL : 16
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	53	The Ministry of Social Security had two important functions in the programme : to register individuals in the social security system and to carry out campaigns to raise awareness of social security rights and explain how to approach the relevant entities . The recent efforts to protect women 's land rights were in keeping with the Constitution which provided for those rights but had not previously produced concrete results . The Civil Code established that in cases of separation or divorce , any property would be under the stewardship of the party with custody of the children .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	43	Of these posts 29 are international professionals , 41 are national professionals and 101 are support staff posts . ( a ) Of the 29 entry-level posts available under the Leadership Development Programme ( LEAD ) for the 2004-2005 biennium , three are kept under this sub-component for later allocation based on priorities at the country level . ( b ) A provision for 15 international professionals who will be deployed in a flexible manner to strengthen the capacity of offices in crisis prevention and recovery activities as needs arise .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	111	Even if the General Assembly decides that payment plans should remain voluntary in nature , it could also decide that a Member State 's voluntary commitment to eliminate its arrears under a payments plan should be taken into account when requests for exemption under Article 19 are considered periodically by the Assembly and the Committee on Contributions . During earlier consideration of this matter , however , some scepticism was voiced about the effectiveness of voluntary plans and the value of establishing formal procedures for their submission and review and , indeed , it seems reasonable to assume that linkage to other measures would provide a greater incentive to submit and keep to a payment plan . In that context , the Secretariat infers that , in requesting guidelines for multi-year payment plans , the General Assembly intended at least to consider mandatory plans linked to other measures , in line with the practice in a number of other international organizations .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	39	We all , I am sure , want to work towards reaching a comprehensive , just and lasting peace in the region . On the peace process , I think we must safeguard the momentum of the negotiations and keep encouraging the parties to proceed with negotiations . It is important indeed that these last months of negotiations before the end of the year show some concrete achievements .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	56	Chairman Karzai and other members of the Interim Administration have demonstrated enormous resolve and determination to put Afghanistan on the road to peace and prosperity . But this long , arduous but rewarding journey will become a bit easier , a bit faster , if the international community extends all the assistance that Afghanistan requires in keeping with the priorities and preferences expressed by the Afghan people . We would like to reiterate India 's commitment to contribute to Afghanistan 's reconstruction and rehabilitation , both in terms of financial commitments and project-based assistance , as prioritized by the Afghan Interim Administration .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	61	At the same time , it was indicated that the absence of such interventions did not convey or imply support , and the right to take a position on those issues was reserved , pending assessment of overall accomplishments at the conclusion of the forty-sixth session of the Committee . Furthermore , it was stated that the delegation would continue to keep an open mind when the report of the Committee for Programme and Coordination was submitted to the Fifth Committee later in the year . It was noted that consideration of document A/60/537 would be in line with the relevant decisions already taken by the General Assembly , as noted in document A/61/131 .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	21	Requests the Rapporteur to report to the Special Committee in 2007 on the implementation of the present resolution ; Decides to keep the question of Puerto Rico under continuous review . Consideration of other matters
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	30	All policies and procedures associated with United Nations-owned vehicles use , repair and maintenance , and inventory control were established . The Communications and Information Technology Unit were able to keep abreast with the rapid expansion of the Mission in its provision of services to users . This was facilitated by the procurement of additional equipment such as satellite terminals , modems and multiplexers , desktop computers and fire servers , which enabled expansion of the main local area network at the Mission headquarters .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	63	The craft made the familiar unwelcome flight to Havana , where , for some unknown reason , Castro rushed to the airport to express mortification to the Colombian foreign minister , a passenger , who is not an admirer of old Ten O ' Clock Shadow . The plane was sent back to the United States , for a change , but Castro kept the crazy gunman , who will prove a suitable recruit to the revolution . Less respect for the legal conventions was displayed by Castro 's right hand man , Che Guevara , who edified the Inter-American Economic and Social council meeting in Montevideo by reading two secret American documents purloined from the United States embassy at Caracas , Venezuela .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	23	Welcoming the recent signature of the Second Optional Protocol by some States , Welcoming also the fact that many countries , while still keeping the death penalty in their penal legislation , are applying a moratorium on executions , Referring to the report of the Special Rapporteur on extrajudicial , summary or arbitrary executions ( E/CN.4/2001/9 and Corr.1 ) with respect to the safeguards guaranteeing protection of the rights of those facing the death penalty , set out in the annex to Economic and Social Council resolution 1984/50 ,
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	43	Unfortunately , the Government of Serbia continues to block goods from Kosovo , even though UNMIK has certified twice now that Kosovo 's new customs stamp complies with resolution 1244 ( 1999 ) . We encourage Serbia to support intraregional trade , in keeping with its Central European Free Trade Agreement commitments . The United States fully supports the reconfiguration and downsizing of UNMIK , as outlined in recent reports of the Secretary-General and as reflected in the Secretary-General 's current budget proposal .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	47	Moreover , the building of more noble-gas stations — so critical in the light of the event in the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea — needs to be accelerated . By the time that the Treaty enters into force , we have to learn how to keep that dynamically growing monitoring system up and running . At the same time , the highest standards of data availability and timeliness need to be maintained .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	46	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of programmes of assistance to the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations decisions relating to decolonization , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly ,
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	64	The low-enrolment countries are receiving priority in terms of the allocation of such resources . Notwithstanding a number of activities carried out by the United Nations system , African countries and the international donor community , the low enrolment in primary education ( 76.8 per cent in 1997 ) and the high growth of the school-age population means that African countries have difficulty in keeping enrolment levels constant . The proportion of the school-age population not enrolled remains high , while the schooling rate for girls continues to be low in many African countries , despite the efforts to address this problem .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	52	His delegation was pleased to note that the implementation rate for OIOS recommendations , particularly the critical ones , remained high and that they had produced a significant amount of savings and the recovery of considerable sums for both the regular and the peacekeeping budgets . It was critical that OIOS should keep the issue of mission subsistence allowances under review so as to ensure that they were reasonable and fully justified . Future budgets should fully reflect the impact of new measures .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	66	But clearly there is much more that can and should be done to assist those in need and to undertake further research into radiation-related diseases and environmental and other impacts . The twentieth-anniversary commemoration of the Chernobyl disaster this year provides a unique opportunity for us to renew our individual and collective resolve to keep alive the legacy of that most terrifying man-made disaster and to keep it on the international agenda . For its part , Japan has and will continue to contribute to the efforts of the affected countries and people to help them to recover from the Chernobyl disaster .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	49	To that end , the Panel has , among other things , requested the secretariat to ascertain whether other claims have been submitted to the Commission with respect to the same projects , transactions or properties as those forming the subject matter of the claims under review . In keeping with Governing Council decision 13 , where a loss has been found to be compensable in this instalment and the same loss has been previously recommended for compensation , such amount has been deducted from any award recommended by the Panel . Where a claim has been found to be compensable in this instalment and another claim for the same loss is pending before a different panel , the relevant information has been provided to the other panel .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	18	We pay tribute to the courageous efforts of the humanitarian agencies . We agreed on the need to keep the situation in the Middle East under review by the Quartet at the principal 's level through regular consultations . Our Special Envoys will continue their efforts on the ground to assist the parties in reaching an end to confrontation and a resumption of political negotiations .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	51	Nowadays Ukraine has been making strides toward building civil society , a rule-of-law State and a market economy . Ukraine is changing fundamentally , but I wish to assure you that my country , whose contribution to the cause of strengthening global peace and security can not be overestimated , will keep pursuing a consistent policy in the field of disarmament . Moreover , President Yushchenko and the Ukrainian Government will continue to ensure strict national compliance with respective international obligations .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	2	Objectives In keeping with the principle of national ownership , the Government of Guinea-Bissau has identified the following key priorities for the consolidation of peace in the country : ( a ) Elections and institutional support to the Electoral Commission ;
keep%2:31:00::	keep.v	30	They also have the right to receive mail without censorship and to receive visitors in private . Where exceptional circumstances warrant the presence of a staff member the child is kept within sight at a distance . For the most part , such circumstances are those where there is a risk to the safety of other children or to the security of the institution .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	80	In respect of exceptions to air travel authorized during the period from 1 July 2000 to 30 June 2001 owing to the circumstances described in paragraph 5 above , the present report provides , in annexes I to V , detailed information on the additional cost of and reasons for such exceptions . On 18 March 1998 , the Secretary-General decided , as an exception , that all travel of the Deputy Secretary-General should be in first class , in keeping with her special status. As regards practical arrangements , efforts first are made to obtain upgrades to first class against payment of the full business-class fare . Where this is not feasible , the first-class fare is paid .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	51	The SPT considers that confidentiality between patient and doctor is an essential part of their relationship , including in police custody and prison settings and a potentially important factor in preventing ill-treatment and combating impunity . The SPT recommends that immediate measures are taken to establish and maintain confidentiality in the keeping of medical documents and records . ( c ) Detainees with psychiatric conditions
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	45	The United Nations itself must now redouble its efforts to try to prevent any further bloodshed in Darfur , which has already claimed well in excess of 200 , 000 lives and brought about the displacement of millions of persons . The United Nations must keep its promise to the people of Darfur . It is no less than they should expect and no less than we would demand .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	55	The principle of equitable utilization was considered as meriting inclusion in the draft articles . It was however suggested that the expression “ equitable and reasonable use ” , also in draft article 5 , was inappropriate , noting instead that an expression such as “ equitable and sustainable use ” would be more in keeping with contemporary environmental law . It was also observed that in paragraph ( c ) the phrase “ present and future needs ” required clarification , as it was not clear what exactly it referred to .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	13	The following recommendations are derived from the evaluation framework . ( a ) Keep the knowledge-generation effort applied to policy advice , integrating the concept of human development to other practice areas as a guiding framework . Knowledge generation is a very significant goal of UNDP , and policy relevance of all programmes is important to the countries in the region .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	31	He therefore asked for the item to be kept open so that his delegation could make its statement later in the week . The Chairman proposed that the item should be kept open until the following morning . Mr. Hillman ( United States of America ) requested 48 rather than 24 hours to prepare his delegation 's statement .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	109	Recalling the Declaration on Measures to Eliminate International Terrorism , contained in the annex to resolution 49/60 of 9 December 1994 , wherein the General Assembly encouraged States to review urgently the scope of the existing international legal provisions on the prevention , repression and elimination of terrorism in all its forms and manifestations , with the aim of ensuring that there was a comprehensive legal framework covering all aspects of the matter , Recalling its decision in resolutions 54/110 of 9 December 1999 and 55/158 of 12 December 2000 that the Ad Hoc Committee established by General Assembly resolution 51/210 of 17 December 1996 should address , and keep on its agenda , the question of convening a high-level conference under the auspices of the United Nations to formulate a joint organized response of the international community to terrorism in all its forms and manifestations , Noting regional efforts to prevent , combat and eliminate terrorism in all its forms and manifestations , wherever and by whomsoever committed , including through the elaboration of and adherence to regional conventions ,
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	33	Arlene had taught them a new way to have fun in their little private area ; and they had told their mother about the tumbles . In matters of exact information , that kept her one step behind developments ; and so they were consistently true to their principles . `` Never mind '' , Arlene had said , after the policeman had left , having pursued the usual unco-operative course of grownups .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	We again call on the parties to honour in full the commitments voluntarily entered into by them in signing the Lusaka Agreement and the other agreements that followed . The international community — and the Security Council in particular — must continue to keep a close watch on developments on the ground , seize upon any openings as they arise and step in when the situation threatens to get out of hand . The Secretary-General 's visit is a significant sign of his personal involvement and of the attention which the Organization continues to pay to the conflict in the Great Lakes region .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	37	The GEF continues its efforts to streamline its project cycle , and the Council has under discussion an action plan to respond to the recommendations of the evaluation of medium-sized projects . The GEF will continue to keep the Conference of the Parties informed of new progress in its future reports . Table 5 : Status of the NIPs Portfolio , as of Dec 15 , 2005
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	26	Treasury is satisfied that the focus on matching the more predictable outflows provides results commensurate with the liquidity needs of the Organization . The Board will keep this matter under review to assess the adequacy of current treasury forecasting requirements . In paragraph 238 of the Board 's report , the Economic and Social Commission for Western Asia ( ESCWA ) agreed with the Board 's recommendation that it ( a ) establish a supplier review committee as required by section 5.03 of the Procurement Manual , and ( b ) review supplier performance prior to the awarding of contracts to vendors , pursuant to section 5.14 of the Procurement Manual .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	81	I am writing to you in my capacity as Chairperson of the Qatar Foundation for Education , Science and Community Development and as President of the International Organization for the Protection of Educational Institutions and their Employees in Crisis Areas , headquartered in Qatar , in order to express my profound condemnation of and concern over the destruction of educational institutions and the targeting of students and teachers as a result of the Israeli invasion of the Gaza Strip . In keeping with my role as Special Envoy for Basic and Higher Education of the United Nations Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization ( UNESCO ) , I also contacted Mr. Koïchiro Matsuura , Director-General of UNESCO , and expressed to him the same concern . I also told him of the need to convert a sufficient number of schools and educational institutions into safe havens .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	28	A different question is whether an obligation for members to provide financial support exists under the rules of the organization concerned . “ If those contributions were in keeping with the law of the international organization , the members would have to comply . That did not signify that the members were under an obligation to make reparation to the injured third party or that the latter could institute direct or indirect action against the members. ”
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	85	He was beaten , kicked , hung in the “ chicken position ” where he was left to hang from his left shoulder , his genitals were “ injured ” , his hands were burned with a hot object , and he was given electrical shocks while cold water was poured over him . 2.4 After his release on 2 January 1989 , the complainant was rearrested and interrogated three or four times , for up to three days each , by the Indian Peace Keeping Force ( IPKF ) . He was also interrogated by the LTTE in order to find out what he had told IPKF about members of LTTE .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Operation in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its sixtieth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Operation in Côte d'Ivoire ” . Tenth Meeting
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	28	Two also listed their defence ministries and one listed a ministry responsible for geology and mining . Most indicated that at least some statistical records of incidents were kept , but the majority did not make them publicly available . Incident levels among those who reported statistics were generally within the same range as for the earlier responses , with several States either not reporting data or indicating that incident levels were too low to report .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	57	Farmers were obliged to access their land , sell their produce or send their children to school on the other side of the wall and would move there , gradually , because of the inconvenience of that arrangement . The land would eventually be vacated , making it difficult for Palestinian negotiators to argue in favour of keeping it . The same process was happening throughout the West Bank and around East Jerusalem , in particular .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	98	The Special Committee would also be requested to continue to consider , on a priority basis and in appropriate substantive manner and framework , the question of the implementation of the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations related to assistance to third States affected by the application of sanctions under Chapter VII of the Charter , and to consider , also on a priority basis , ways and means of improving its working methods and enhancing its efficiency with a view to identifying widely acceptable measures for future implementation . It would also be requested to keep on its agenda the question of the peaceful settlement of disputes between States . Furthermore , the Special Committee would be requested to consider , as appropriate , any proposal referred to it by the General Assembly in the implementation of the decisions of the High-level Plenary Meeting of the General Assembly at its sixtieth session , in September 2005 , that concern the Charter of the United Nations and any amendments thereto .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	42	The Special Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly that the Committee continue to be represented at seminars , meetings and conferences organized by United Nations bodies and other intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations active in the field of decolonization . In keeping with its decision of 12 February 2003 , the Committee would authorize its Chairman to hold consultations , as appropriate , concerning its participation in those meetings , as well as the level of representation , when accepting invitations . In accordance with established practice and on the basis of the principle of rotation , the Chairman would hold consultations with the Bureau members , who , in turn , would consult with the members of the Committee from their respective regional groups .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	60	If working women with children aged up to one-and-a-half have problems with feeding their children , the employer must , at their request , transfer them to lighter work until the children reach the age of one-and-a-half or provide the requisite conditions for feeding the children . Women transferred to lighter work in the circumstances provided for in the article keep their previous wages for their principal occupations . Reducing a woman 's wages because she is pregnant or feeding a child is prohibited .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	23	Disarmament and non-proliferation are two sides of the same coin . The fewer weapons exist , the better they can be controlled and kept safe from misuse and proliferation . In addition , we strongly believe that every effort must be undertaken to ensure effective verification of compliance with the multilateral treaty regime .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	66	In the absence of visiting missions to all Territories , the organization of seminars in the Caribbean and Pacific regions in alternate years has allowed for representatives of the Territories , experts and non-governmental organizations to make their views known on the situation facing each particular Territory . Throughout the Decade , the people of Tokelau have continued to build appropriate structures and arrangements while they keep the issue of self-determination under active consideration , in close cooperation with the administering Power , New Zealand . Finally , in 1999 , the people of East Timor chose the path to independence , as detailed in paragraph 19 above .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	31	Attention continues to be devoted to increasing the scope and application of existing measures to combine work and family responsibilities . More highly qualified women , in particular , tend to keep on working after the birth of their children , albeit mainly in part-time jobs ; Additional policy is formulated to encourage certain groups of women who have a low participation rate in the labour market to find work and to enable them to do so , particularly in the light of the current deteriorating economic situation . With regard to this last point , attention is focused on women wishing to return to work who are not in receipt of benefit , specifically low-skilled - often ethnic minority - women .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	91	Such encouraging moves will make for a calmer atmosphere conducive to efforts to find a peaceful solution , in accordance with the wishes of the Kashmiri population concerned . The European Union remains convinced that , if such a peaceful solution , being the only kind conceivable , is to be achieved , a stop must be put to terrorist acts , the line of control must be strictly observed and confidence-building and security measures must be implemented , in order for dialogue between the parties concerned to resume , in keeping with the Lahore spirit . The European Union therefore calls upon all parties to show the utmost moderation on the ground , honour their undertakings , consider fresh confidence-building measures and resolutely , acting entirely in good faith , engage in sincere , constructive dialogue .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	58	His delegation believed that the pursuit of a new , rather than a renewed , agenda , engendered such hope , and therefore wholeheartedly supported the New Agenda Coalition . It should be recalled that the negotiations for the Treaty involved a bargain between the five nuclear-weapon States and the non-nuclear-weapon States ; since the developing countries had kept their part of the bargain , they had a right to access to nuclear technology for peaceful purposes to facilitate socio-economic development . His delegation welcomed the responsiveness of IAEA to the most pressing global challenges — poverty and disease , natural resources management and environmental degradation — through applied nuclear science and technology , working in partnership with other development agencies .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	38	Specific institutional and legislative steps had also been taken to implement the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action . One of the priorities of the Government was to harmonize national legislation with European and international norms , in keeping with its National Plan of Accession to the European Union . Among recent legislation to promote equal opportunity and reconcile family and professional life , two deserved special mention .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	54	In essence the problem is one of responsibility : in circumstances in which universally accepted human rights are being violated on a massive scale we have a responsibility to act . In recognition of the increasingly complex task faced by the United Nations as it seeks to prevent and resolve conflict , and to keep and build the peace , I requested a panel of experts led by the former Minister for Foreign Affairs of Algeria , Lakhdar Brahimi , to produce a report that would provide an overview of peace operations and suggest how they might be strengthened for the future . The report of the Panel on United Nations Peace Operations has just been issued .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	50	Members of the Subcommittee agreed that having such a direct interaction with staff from the Institute was very important for gaining an in-depth understanding of the projects and research activities undertaken by the Institute , as well as for providing guidance for its future plans . The Board agreed to keep the function of the Subcommittee under review . It also agreed that the membership of the Subcommittee should rotate among the Board members .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	23	A goal was fixed , as given in Table 2 , and attention focused on its fulfillment . The qualifications to vote were kept very simple . Both men and women of twenty-one years of age could register and vote upon presenting proof of residence and identification .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	51	At its ninth session the General Conference approved the exchange rate to be applied for the conversion into euros of assets , liabilities , reserves and fund balances as of 31 December 2001 ( GC.9/Dec.15 ) . In the same decision , the Conference noted that the Director-General would continue to keep extrabudgetary accounts in United States dollars , if required , but would convert all such assets , liabilities , reserves and fund balances for the purpose of the financial statements at the United Nations euro/dollar exchange rate in effect on the date of the statement ( GC.9/Dec.15 ) . The Secretariat has kept the governing bodies regularly informed of the steps taken to introduce the euro ( see list below ) .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	40	However , it noted that not all implementing measures were fully effective and operational and that harmonization of the existing law on minority rights and freedom with the new Constitution was still to be undertaken . Austria recommended that Montenegro keep up its efforts by making the mechanisms for implementing the policy strategies fully operational and it ensure that the definition of minorities used in all laws provides for full protection against any discrimination . Austria welcomed the provisions of the new Constitution representing a general guarantee of the protection of human rights and noted that a general anti-discrimination bill had been drafted but not adopted .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	43	It requested further clarification on how the Government intended to strengthen the position of women and enable them to pursue advancement . It recommended that the country continue efforts to strengthen and protect human rights in accordance with international standards that are in keeping with cultural values of the Emirati people , and continue to refuse to apply any standards or principles that are outside agreed upon international human rights principles and standards , including any attempt to impose foreign values and customs on the Emirati people . Saudi Arabia commended the inclusion of human rights principles in the Constitution and national laws , the ratification of core international human rights instruments and the creation , in 1998 , of a ministerial commission in charge of civil liberties and human rights .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	22	Nigeria also underlines the importance and urgency of achieving the universality of Treaty . The need to confront this challenge is in keeping with the resolve of the global community in the Millennium Declaration to strive for the elimination of weapons of mass destruction , particularly nuclear weapons . In this connection , Nigeria also recalls a similar commitment in the same declaration to keep all options open for achieving this aim , including the possibility of convening an international conference to identify ways and means of eliminating nuclear danger .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	17	Suggested improvements to the present practice : On the initiative of one of its members and in keeping with rule 39 of its provisional rules of procedure , the Security Council could resort , as appropriate , to the Arria formula to hear views and obtain or exchange information with personalities , organizations , institutions , or whomever it considers pertinent , involved in a conflict . At no time will the Security Council receive representatives of Governments of United Nations Member States under this mechanism. The level of representation of the Security Council members should be commensurate with that of those invited .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	81	In February next year , Malaysia will assume the responsibility of guiding our Movement as it responds to the changed and changing global environment. I am certain that this will add new strength to the Non-Aligned Movement in the interests of all humanity , especially the poor of the world . As before , the Non-Aligned Movement is committed to the peaceful resolution of all conflicts , including those pertaining to Palestine and Israel , as well as Iraq , in keeping with the resolutions of the United Nations . These are urgent tasks to which the Organization must respond .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	34	In conclusion , I would like to thank you all for your active participation , which made our debate fruitful and successful . I appreciate that many speakers , although not all , have kept , more or less , to the agreed time limit of 15 minutes . I am convinced that shorter and comprehensive statements have greater and more unequivocal impact than do long surveys of numerous national and international issues , and that they also make our work much more efficient .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	32	The Advisories are accompanied by reporting forms and instructions that mirrors those used in the United States . As a supplement to the Advisories , Guidelines on customer due diligence and record keeping have also been issued to the industry . The United Nations Drug Control and Crime Prevention Program provided technical Assistance on the framing of the Guidelines .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	86	The Inspector was very gratified to be further informed , at the time of finalizing this report , that the Government of Kenya had recently agreed to harmonize and extend the privileges of the host country agreement of UNON , UNEP and UN-Habitat to all the organizations and specialized agencies of the United Nations system represented in Kenya , and that UNON was expecting the transmission of the agreement in writing in July/August 2006 . As this is still pending , the Inspector would like to keep the following recommendation in the report , and would be only too glad if it should be overtaken by events by the time this report is officially issued . Recommendation 9
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	122	( b ) Reaffirms its decision on the framework for the Standing Committee 's programme of work ( A/AC.96/1003 paragraph 25 , sub-paragraph 2 ( c ) ) , authorizes the Standing Committee to add and delete items , if appropriate , to this framework for its meetings in 2009 and requests member States to meet in December 2008 to draw up a detailed work plan for formal adoption by the Standing Committee at its first meeting in 2009 ; ( c ) Calls upon its members to continue efforts to ensure that debate at the Executive Committee and its Standing Committee be of a substantive and interactive nature , yielding practical guidance and clear advice to the High Commissioner , in keeping with the Committee 's statutory functions ; and calls on the Office of the High Commissioner to be explicit and analytical in its reports and presentations to the Committee and to submit documentation in a timely manner ; ( d ) Further calls on the Office of the High Commissioner to consult with the Committee with regard to the ongoing reform measures and the consequent structural and management changes within the organization , including the proposed new budget structure , through informal consultative meetings as well as at Standing Committee meetings ;
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	37	The world needs a strong United Nations , and we as leaders need to build bridges of understanding if we are to make the United Nations as strong as it needs to be . We need to keep alive the main goal of the founders of the United Nations , who were determined “ to save succeeding generations from the scourge of war ” . We owe it to our children , who will inherit this planet , to save them also from the scourges of terrorism , of hunger and of disease .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	50	It is also reviewing the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) document entitled “ Guidance on the Import and Export of Radioactive Sources ” , which relates to the requirements for importing and exporting radioactive materials , in accordance with the guidelines set out in the instrument . In keeping with the State 's policy and guidelines for strengthening the regulatory authority , the General Directorate for Atomic Energy of the Ministry of Energy and Petroleum , as the regulatory authority , is implementing a project on effective monitoring and control in installations that use radioactive materials , to which the sum of US $ 463 , 609 has been allocated for 2006 . The project is based on a national inspection programme covering high-risk installations to verify that they are complying with physical and radiological safety measures for material in such installations .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	41	Special GIS software was also obtained as a donation from a vendor , subject to funding for training for the staff . Due to the uncertainties relating to the size of forthcoming submissions , the Secretariat used , for the safe keeping of the first one , an existing small storage facility . The second GIS laboratory was completed in 2004 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	63	Voluntary contributions from Governments , international organizations , individuals , corporations and other entities shall be subject to the approval of the Registrar of the Court , in accordance with the criteria laid down in paragraphs 2 and 3 ; the Registrar shall be responsible for the day-to-day administration of the fund . The voluntary contributions envisaged in paragraph 1 must be in keeping with the goals and activities of the fund . The voluntary contributions envisaged in paragraph 1 may be accepted for a specific project or purpose provided that this does not lead to discrimination with regard to victims or their families that is prohibited under international law .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	24	Peacekeeping operations are a case in point . The Council now has 16 missions throughout the world , including political ones , aimed at keeping the peace and facilitating political processes in troubled countries . More than 100 countries have sent troops or personnel to those missions .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	64	In that regard , my delegation would like to take this opportunity to draw the international community 's attention to the need to increase resources to the Secretary-General 's fund to assist developing countries that have taken their disputes to the International Court of Justice with the cost of those proceedings . My delegation believes that the issue of preventing armed conflict should be kept on the agenda of the sixty-first session of the General Assembly in order that we may further consider the proposals and recommendations of the Secretary-General in the context of the other reports published recently on related matters , such as the report ( A/61/204 ) on the implementation of Security Council resolution 1631 ( 2005 ) on cooperation between the United Nations and regional organizations in the area of international peace and security and the reports on the New Partnership for Africa 's Development . In conclusion , my delegation would like to pay tribute to the Secretary-General for his tireless efforts to promote the prevention of armed conflict .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	90	Despite the lack of statistics , there is reason to believe that illiteracy in Switzerland is a more serious problem for women , especially foreign women , than for men . This is due to a number of factors , in particular lack of schooling in the countries of origin , a traditional environment hostile to women 's literacy in certain social strata and certain countries , financial difficulties , the double burden of family and work , or a local or family environment that does not encourage women to keep up such educational attainments as they may possess . In this context , mention must be made of the many language courses for foreigners provided by the cantons and communes .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	25	There is at present no single source available from which such information can be easily retrieved . It would seem obvious that an organization should keep track of its reform history in a systematic way , especially as many reform proposals are grounded in inter-governmental and expert commissions and the work of ad hoc groups ' created by General Assembly resolutions , and for which funding was provided through regular and extra-budgetary funds . It would thus also be a matter of good management to keep a comprehensive inventory of the related work and its results .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	95	When the Personal Envoy came to the conclusion that the plan was inapplicable , and recommended at the Berlin meeting , on 28 September 2000 , to seek an alternative political solution , the Kingdom of Morocco immediately assured him of its support . Thus , in February 2001 , Mr. Baker suggested that this solution be in the form of an autonomy status whereby the Kingdom of Morocco would be expected to offer “ some devolution of authority for all inhabitants and former inhabitants of the territory that is genuine , substantial and in keeping with international norms ” . When the Personal Envoy , building on this initiative , submitted to the Security Council in June 2001 , a draft framework agreement for autonomy , Morocco immediately expressed readiness to negotiate a final settlement with the other parties , on this basis .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	71	I trust that the Government will , for its part , continue to work with the World Bank and IMF , as well as with its bilateral partners , to improve the country 's economic and social prospects . Finally , I wish to pay tribute to my Representative , Samuel Nana-Sinkam , and to the staff of the entire United Nations country team for their tireless efforts to help to keep the peace-building process in Guinea-Bissau on course , despite multiple challenges . Fifty-fifth session
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	40	The Security Council should commend this positive development in clear terms . I should therefore like the Security Council to correct this anomaly , and to go even further , congratulating the Government of Burundi or commending it for having kept its promise . It should be recalled that the rebellion is still posing as a condition for negotiating the ceasefire , among others , the dismantling of the regroupment camps .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	34	Jamaica agreed with the Secretary-General 's recommendations for devoting more attention to implementation and follow-up processes , in particular the Millennium Development Goals , and to the Johannesburg Declaration on Sustainable Development . In keeping with its international obligations , Jamaica had launched a series of programmes and policies for women 's advancement , specifically the empowerment of women in rural areas , the granting of microcredit and the improvement of access to basic health services for all women . It also recognized women 's indispensable role as active agents in decision-making processes , which was reflected in the fact that women constituted a majority of civil servants and in their constantly growing representation in politics .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	57	Thirdly , the necessary increase in the membership of the Council in both the permanent and non-permanent categories should be made in accordance with the request of the Non-Aligned Movement . Fourthly , the veto power should be used less often , since it is a tool that — to say the least — is not in keeping with the spirit of democracy . Fifthly , there should be close cooperation with other organs and bodies of the United Nations system , in particular with the Secretary-General , the General Assembly and the International Court of Justice .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	49	Montero had set up a strong position , using every bale and box we had in addition to barricades of logs and brush . He had ordered the ponies brought inside the fortified circle and had assigned Pierre and a band of picked engages the job of trying to keep them steady under fire . The pony herd was the one flaw in our defense ; the Rees undoubtedly would try to cut down as many of the animals as possible .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	44	Bangladesh asked about the specific policy guidelines and institutional mechanism to protect the interests of migrant workers and about the latest situation regarding the repeal of banishment of foreigners . Bangladesh recommended , to reinforce the suggestions made by different treaty bodies , in keeping with its commitment to protect and promote human rights , that Monaco ( a ) consider establishing an independent human rights commission according to the Paris Principles . It also recommended that Monaco ( b ) make sustained efforts to realize its commitments to contribute to the achievement of internationally-agreed development goals by raising its aid financing to at least 0.7 per cent of its GDP .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	85	In all his miscalculations , Stravinsky made the fatal historical blunder of presuming that he could transform other composers ' inspirations - representing many peoples , time periods and styles - into his own music by warping the harmony , melody , or form , to verify his own experiments . Because of the authentic homogeneity of his early Nationalistic materials , and his flair for orchestrations - his brilliant Petruchka , his savage Sacre du Printemps , his incisive Les Noces - the world kept hoping that he could recapture the historical direction for which his native talents were predisposed . But time is running out , and many of Stravinsky 's admirers begin to fear that he will never find terra firma .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	54	Today in South Ossetia , innocent civilians , women , children and the elderly — many of whom , I repeat , are citizens of the Russian Federation — are dying . We can not tolerate a situation in which Russian citizens and peacekeepers , who have been risking their lives for years to keep the peace in the South Ossetian conflict zone , are suffering . The firepower of tanks , military combat vehicles and helicopters is being aimed directly at peacekeepers .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	28	The United Nations Secretary-General and the Security Council to be kept advised and thereby actively seized with serious security problems in refugee areas . UNHCR will continue to keep both regularly informed . Prevention of military recruitment of refugees , including refugee children
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	66	HIV/AIDS should be a horrible example for the Council , which last year decided that it was a security problem and Blue Helmets a risk factor . The Council never explained how spreading this canard either helped the fight against AIDS or kept the peace , unless it was telling Governments that if they went to war , it would send them pox-riddled Blue Helmets to keep the peace afterwards , and felt this would be such a terrible threat that no State would dare breach the peace . Maybe this was what the Council did have in mind , because , after it adopted its resolution with much fanfare and an African State asked that peacekeepers sent to it by the United Nations be screened for HIV/AIDS , both Council and Secretariat , appalled that they should have been taken at their word , have been pressing it ever since not to insist .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	54	No provision is made in enforceable instruments concerning international brokerage activities by Russian individuals in connection with the arms trade , including trade in small arms and light weapons . In considering questions relating to the export of small arms and light weapons , the Russian Federation is guided by strict national criteria in keeping with the country 's existing international obligations , and it takes due account of the situation in the country receiving weapons to ensure that the delivery of the weapons will not have a destabilizing effect in the State or region in question . Moreover , the risk of the small arms and light weapons being transferred in illicit traffic is taken into account .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	56	The use of this tripartite process has served to ensure the full participation of all relevant stakeholders in the labour relations forum within Trinidad and Tobago . Furthermore , it has been a key strategy for the development of a well-articulated legislative environment , which works to ensure that the conditions of the workplace are in keeping with international and regional standards . In addition , the tripartite process is being successfully used to fulfil the mandate of the Standing Tripartite Committee on Labour Matters .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	62	That issue also deserves an in-depth study in terms of defining the practical modalities for achieving the desired coordination . We urge the Secretary-General to consider — in conjunction with the President of the African Union Commission — ways of guiding the actions of Member States and to ensure that the United Nations can achieve a level of effectiveness that is in keeping with the current stakes in conflict prevention . The President ( spoke in French ) : I now give the floor to the representative of the United Republic of Tanzania .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	48	It has been five months since the Democratic Republic of Timor-Leste declared its independence and less than two months since it was admitted as a full Member of our Organization . The new Government has been steadily consolidating itself , and has been promoting participative democracy , in keeping with the expectations of the international community . The dissatisfaction of certain sectors of the population , as noted in the report , highlights the difficulties and challenges the Government faces in achieving the development and well-being of the population .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	50	All recommendations were thoroughly reviewed with a view to arriving at a practical resolution . In some cases there were bilateral mechanisms for follow-up ; in the case referred to by Mr. Flinterman , he was sure a practical resolution of the matter would be reached that would be in keeping with the spirit of the recommendation of the Human Rights Committee . Ms. Zapata ( Peru ) said the terminology used in the National Equal Opportunity Plan for Men and Women should not raise concerns .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	47	Economic policy is orientated towards the fostering of a macroeconomic environment which encourages and gives certainty to investment decisions by private agents . Prudence and discipline in the handling of public finances constitute an effective instrument for the attainment of this objective , since they help to keep down inflation , reduce pressures in financial markets , prevent the cost of borrowing from rising and facilitate projections of profitability of investments . Equally , a reduction in interest rates frees up space in the budget for increases in social expenditure .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	43	If the fund was to receive voluntary contributions from Governments , it would be all the more important to secure contributions from foundations , non-governmental organizations , the private sector , civil society and international institutions . Such a fund was fully in keeping with the principle of solidarity and sharing of responsibility set out in the Millennium Declaration . The struggle against poverty entailed opening up the markets of developed countries to exports from the developing countries .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	28	In 2009 , the high-level conference will be held in December to discuss developments concerning the Fund and to solicit support for its financing for 2010 . In keeping with the purpose of the Fund , contributions to it should be additional to commitments to humanitarian programming and resources dedicated to international development cooperation , and Member States should continue to support humanitarian agencies directly on a bilateral basis as well as through the Fund . The effects of the global economic crisis on humanitarian financing are still far from clear .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	26	It is the responsibility of the head teacher to make sure that the children enrolled in the school attend the lessons . An attendance register is kept on a daily basis , in which absences are recorded . If a child fails to attend the lessons , the parents shall - personally or in writing - inform the school of the cause of the child 's absence .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	46	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of programmes of assistance to the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations resolutions and decisions relating to decolonization , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly ,
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	62	The report of the Secretary-General of 11 February 2000 on the role of United Nations peacekeeping in disarmament , demobilization and reintegration mentions the United Nations keeping custody of collected weapons so that they can be handed over to restructured armed forces . The Programme of Action has provided for the destruction of seized or collected weapons with prior marking and for keeping a record of the disposal . The Council should support destruction as the most effective mode of disposal and call for its inclusion as a provision in peace agreements between parties .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	66	Acting under Chapter VII of the Charter of the United Nations , Reaffirms once again its support for the Peace Agreement , as well as for the Dayton Agreement on implementing the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina of 10 November 1995 ( S/1995/1021 , annex ) , calls upon the parties to comply strictly with their obligations under those Agreements , and expresses its intention to keep the implementation of the Peace Agreement , and the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina , under review ; Expresses its support for the declarations of the Ministerial meetings of the Peace Implementation Conference ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	20	To make unhindered use of nationwide and universal cultural achievements ; To engage in all types of creative activity in keeping with their interests and abilities ; To acquire intellectual property , to preserve the secrets of one 's skill and to make unhindered use of one 's creative achievements and others irrespective of origin , racial and ethnic group , sex , language , education , religion , social or property status or type of occupation .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	38	Conchita kept an eye on the twins and little Elena , trying to keep them from falling into the creek by which they persisted in playing . Conchita nagged at the younger children , attempting without success to keep her thoughts off Tom Brannon . Tom Brannon had caught up with the outfit shortly after the Maguires joined it , which had been at midday .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	125	Commends the important role the Special Rapporteur has played towards the elimination of extrajudicial , summary or arbitrary executions , and encourages the Special Rapporteur to continue , within the framework of his mandate , to collect information from all concerned , to respond effectively to reliable information that comes before him , to follow up on communications and country visits and to seek the views and comments of Governments and to reflect them , as appropriate , in the elaboration of his reports ; Strongly urges all States to cooperate with and assist the Special Rapporteur so that his mandate may be carried out effectively , including , where appropriate , by issuing invitations to the Special Rapporteur when he so requests , in keeping with the usual terms of reference for missions by special rapporteurs of the Commission , and to respond to the communications transmitted to them by the Special Rapporteur ; Expresses its appreciation to those States that have invited the Special Rapporteur to visit their countries , asks them to examine carefully the recommendations made by the Special Rapporteur , invites them to report to the Special Rapporteur on the actions taken on those recommendations and requests other States , including those mentioned in the report of the Special Rapporteur , to cooperate in a similar way ;
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	65	Under article 1 , 571 , § 2º the spouses may keep their married name in the case of dissolution of marriage by divorce or conversion , except as otherwise provided for in the judicial separation decree . It is interesting to notice that , even when the spouse is found guilty in the action for separation , he will only lose the right to keep the other spouse 's family name if such spouse so requires , and so long as the change does not bring severe damages to the spouse who wishes to keep the married name . This precept differs from the Divorce Law , which establishes , in article 17 , that the woman who lost the action for separation should retake her maiden name .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	44	You 'll never hear `` sayonara '' , the Japanese word for goodbye , from your guests when you give a hibachi party . The fun of toasting their own sausages over the small Oriental charcoal burners and dipping them in tasty sauces will keep your group busy - try it and see ! 1 large onion , chopped fine 2 tablespoons salad oil 1 8 - oz. can crushed pineapple and 1 2 cup of the juice 1 4 cup brown sugar 2 tablespoons vinegar 1 tablespoon prepared mustard 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce 2 tablespoons dry mustard Water 1 2 cup heavy cream , whipped Salt Paprika Spear canned cocktail franks with picks .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	23	Separate meetings of the COP and the CMP will be held to adopt decisions and conclusions emerging from the current sessions . In keeping with the conclusions adopted by the SBI at its twenty-fourth session , 3 all meetings are scheduled to end at 6 p.m. , with exceptions determined by the Bureau of the COP or the Chairs of the subsidiary bodies . Given that six bodies will be meeting during this sessional period , the time available for contact groups and informal consultations will be very limited .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	52	Hitachi seeks compensation in the amount of USD 1 , 557 ( KWD 450 ) for the cost of repairing its store in Kuwait , which was allegedly damaged during Iraq 's invasion and occupation of Kuwait . Materials and equipment required for installation work under Hitachi 's contracts with MEW were kept in this store . In the “ E ” claim form , Hitachi characterised this alleged loss as a claim for payment or relief to others .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	96	To request that the secretariat write a further letter to the Government of Bangladesh regarding the exchange rates used for claims payment expressing the Council 's preoccupation on this issue ; to invite a delegation to attend the next informal meeting of the Working Group ; and to keep this issue on the agenda of the Governing Council . To request that the secretariat write further follow-up letters to the Governments of Liberia , Senegal and the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia regarding non-compliance with the reporting requirements of decisions 18 and 48 ; and to keep this issue on the agenda of the Governing Council . With respect to the request by the Government of India to extend the date for the location of and payment to unlocated claimants , to note that more than nine months remain before the cut-off date and that in principle there should be no extension of the 30 September 2006 deadline ; however , should there be a sudden large influx of repayment requests as the deadline approaches , which could be documented by the Government concerned , to reconsider the request , including the potential cost implications of extension of secretariat staff .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	45	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of assistance programmes to the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations decisions relating to decolonization , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly ,
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	40	Currently , there are a total of four executive jets deployed in missions ( one in UNMEE , two in MONUC and one in UNAMA ) . The Committee reiterates its request that all missions using executive jets continue to keep under review the need and cost-effectiveness of using such aircraft . This review should be undertaken in the context of the monitoring by the missions of the configuration of their air assets in the light of changing operational needs and the mission environment , and the use of the executive jet should be fully justified .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	26	The Peacebuilding Commission will be the forum for all relevant actors in peacebuilding , so that coordination and delivery can be genuinely improved . It will keep the political spotlight on fragile countries as they make the transition to development , and it will be a means to help mobilize sustained funding for peacebuilding . We must push forward and agree on the modalities of the Peacebuilding Commission quickly so that it can be ready to work by 31 December 2005 , as we pledged at the summit .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	30	UNHCR is committed to monitor future developments and will consider the setting up of a provision for uncollected voluntary contributions receivable when required by financial prudence . This is in keeping with the spirit of the UN Accounting Standard No 33 , which required a provision when collection was deemed doubtful . Comments of the Board
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	65	Mending the social fabric through efforts aimed at reconciliation , amnesty and the satisfactory resolution of problems among the various Darfur tribes is necessary and of fundamental importance if peace is to be established in Darfur . That is an effort that we hope will enjoy the support and encouragement of the African Union and the international community , including the Security Council , in keeping with paragraph 5 of resolution 1593 ( 2005 ) . The Government of the Sudan will continue its efforts to establish the rule of law and justice through the courts and other mechanisms set up in Darfur , to put an end to impunity and to hold accountable all those convicted of violations of human rights and international humanitarian law .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	37	It would not be possible without lawyers and the press , and without ordinary people who find extraordinary courage and stand up for what is rightfully theirs , yours , mine and ours . We need to keep building up the edifice of human rights — the treaties , declarations and other instruments that set global standards and give people hope . But most of all , we need to implement these instruments .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	38	Article 13. Specific obligations The carrier shall during the period of its responsibility as defined in article 12 , and subject to article 26 , properly and carefully receive , load , handle , stow , carry , keep , care for , unload and deliver the goods . Notwithstanding paragraph 1 of this article , and without prejudice to the other provisions in chapter 4 and to chapters 5 to 7 , the carrier and the shipper may agree that the loading , handling , stowing or unloading of the goods is to be performed by the shipper , the documentary shipper or the consignee .
keep%2:35:10::	keep.v	45	With a view to bringing before the international community objective information regarding the persons about whom the European Union has expressed its concern , Uzbekistan considers that the following facts should be noted : Any action taken by the Uzbek law-enforcement agencies to arrest and keep in detention persons suspected of committing criminal acts is carried out in accordance with the country 's criminal and criminal-procedure legislation and with international legal standards . Uzbekistan therefore considers the attempts by the European Union to cast doubt on the actions of the Uzbek authorities to ensure public and national order and prevent crime in the country to be subjective , tendentious and groundless .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	86	To strengthen national and regional regulatory and institutional structures relating to biosafety . To underscore the importance of assessing vulnerability and quantifying the progress made towards sustainable development ; to note the lack of data and indicators that would permit such measurements ; and to stress the need to develop a core set of data and indicators , including a vulnerability index , that will make it possible to measure progress towards sustainable development , taking into account the unique features of Caribbean countries and in keeping with Agenda 21 and the Barbados Programme of Action . To reduce the level of vulnerability to natural disasters based on planning instruments such as ecological and economic land management ; and to promote a culture of risk awareness to further their prevention and mitigation through educational processes and improved information and early warning systems while encouraging participation on the part of civil society .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	13	Canada is pleased by these developments . We note that they are in keeping with the original intentions of the Secretary-General 's reform package initiated some five years ago , in particular his focus on enhancing the United Nations humanitarian response system and on improving advocacy on humanitarian issues . While these accomplishments are the achievements of many , I would like to take this opportunity to express Canada 's appreciation for the work of OCHA .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	24	There were also reports of prisoners being detained for long periods under sentence of death in Ghana and Indonesia . The suffering of prisoners kept , often in very restricted circumstances and under conditions of mortal uncertainty , seems prima facie to violate the spirit of the ninth safeguard . The questionnaire for the sixth survey did not include items concerning the conditions under which persons sentenced to death are detained and did not enquire into the length of time persons remained under sentence of death prior to execution .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	65	I would like to extend a warm welcome to Mr. Samuel Lewis-Navarro , Vice-President and Minister for Foreign Affairs of Panama . As we debate the issue of general regulation and reduction of armaments as a means to strengthen collective security today , global military expenditure and the arms trade represent the largest spending in the world at over $ 1 trillion a year and keep rising . At the same time , nearly 1 billion people in the world are living in extreme poverty , with all sorts of threats posed by global issues , such as epidemics , environmental pollution , climate change and terrorism , which are difficult to solve owing to , among other things , the lack of funds .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	72	Conservation agriculture is an approach combining practices of minimal soil disturbance , permanent soil cover and crop rotations to achieve sustainable and profitable agriculture for improving the livelihoods of farmers . It aims at enhancing natural soil regeneration processes involving improved management of organic matter in the soil as well as efficient use of rainfall , soil moisture and plant nutrients ; and the maintenance of physical properties of the soil by keeping mechanical tillage for direct planting and seeding to the absolute minimum . Progress is being made in introducing and adapting conservation agriculture systems that were developed and adopted over the last two decades by farmers , ranging from small- to large-scale ones in Latin America , Northern America , Australasia and Central Asia , and smallholders as well as commercial farmers in Africa , South and South-East Asia and the Near East .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	38	It encourages the Bureau to continue to explore proposals for improvement in these areas , to be brought before the Commission for approval as appropriate . The Working Group recommends that the question of agenda reform should be kept under review . A new agenda was in place for the fifty-fifth session of the Commission ; the Working Group considers that a review of the experience with the new agenda - including the scope for possible further reclustering of items - would be timely at the latest after the fifty-seventh session .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	107	The decision taken at the Summit to set up a ministerial committee , which took the initiative of coming to New York , is the best example of the Arab League 's desire to preserve dialogue as the best way to resolve this question . The initiative of the Arab League and the contacts undertaken within the Organization of the Islamic Conference , the Non-Aligned Movement , the African Union and the European Union reflect the desire of the majority of the international community to choose the peaceful option , within the context of international law , and to stave off the horror of war , in keeping with the desire of the overwhelming majority of world public opinion , as is currently evident . All of these international parties agree that there is a need to give the inspectors more time , so that they can continue to implement resolution 1441 ( 2002 ) and continue their work .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	102	The principles and objectives , which were agreed by all , remain of continuing relevance and need to be reaffirmed by the international community . The International Court of Justice ( ICJ ) concluded in 1996 that : “ there exists an obligation to pursue in good faith and bring to a conclusion negotiations leading to nuclear disarmament in all its aspects under strict and effective international control. ” The UN Millennium Declaration reiterated the commitment of the Member States of the United Nations to strive for the elimination of weapons of mass destruction , in particular nuclear weapons , and to keep all options open for achieving this aim . Various proposals for nuclear disarmament have since been considered , including in a number of studies ranging from the Canberra Commission to the more recent WMD Commission .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	24	Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations ( A/63/725/Add.3 ) The President : I would like , in keeping with established practice , to invite the attention of the General Assembly to document A/63/725/Add.3 , in which the Secretary-General informs the President of the General Assembly that , since the issuance of his communication contained in documents A/63/725 and A/63/725/Add.1 and Add.2 , Tajikistan has made the necessary payment to reduce its arrears below the amount specified in Article 19 of the Charter . May I take it that the General Assembly duly takes note of the information contained in this document ?
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	67	I do not know whether we would keep “ confidence-building measures ” , but if we kept that topic , then certainly we should divorce “ verification mechanisms ” from that because that formulation really seems to be a mélange of two separate items , and “ verification mechanisms ” is something that is being handled elsewhere . I would favour , if we had to , keeping “ confidence-building measures ” and removing the concept of verification mechanisms from that . Mr. Shloma ( Belarus ) ( spoke in Russian ) : On behalf of the delegation of Belarus , allow me to congratulate you , Sir , on your election to the chairmanship .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	9	Subject Comprehensive review of the whole question of peace- keeping operations in all their aspects The announcements in this section are reproduced as received .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	23	All files requested by the Board were promptly delivered . However , the data related to the review of a claim has been kept in several and separate series , due to space and organisational constraints : claim summaries , minutes of the panel 's writings , consultant 's reports , panel 's reports , and Governing Council Decisions . These documents are technically an integral part of every individual claim file .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	43	( b ) Tax treatment of those instruments in their countries , or , if they do not represent a country , provisions of the model that would apply to the instruments . Most members of the working group submitted a contribution in keeping with the above . The present note , which is based mainly on these contributions , proposes to present the main contracts and transactions used in Islamic finance ( see sect. II ) and to discuss tax issues related to these contracts and transactions , taking into account the provisions of the United Nations Model ( and its commentary ) on one hand , and the tax provisions dealing with the subject in countries where Islamic finance is practised , on the other hand ( see sect .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	58	The Canadian National Committee on Small Arms and Light Weapons is Canada 's national coordination body that advises the government on the implementation of the UN Programme of Action , assists in coordinating this implementation and fosters the exchange of information on SALW activities . The possession , export controls , brokering , marking / tracing / record keeping , disposal and illegal aspects of SALW fall under an assortment of legislations , regulations and administrative procedures. These include the Firearms Act , the Export and Import Permit Act , the Defence Production Act , the Controlled Goods Program , the United Nations Act , the Wassenaar Arrangement and the Criminal Code . A number of bodies are responsible for various aspects of SALW including the Royal Canadian Mounted Police , Department of Foreign Affairs and International Trade , Department of National Defense , the Criminal Intelligence Services Canada , National Police Services and the Canadian Firearms Centre .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	20	Governments should introduce measures to : Recruit judges , prosecutors , defence lawyers , police and prison officers in peace- keeping operations and programmes of national reconstruction . Include the services of national NGOs , CBOs and faith-based groups in the re-establishment of the criminal justice system especially where the need for speed is paramount .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	25	Item 2 : Adoption of the agenda and organization of work The provisional agenda has been drawn up on the basis of consultations , in keeping with traditional practice and in response to General Assembly resolution 54/235 . The secretariat will make suggestions for the organization of work and will present a tentative timetable of meetings at the beginning of the session .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	89	The General Assembly also reaffirmed that any act of enforced disappearance is an offence to human dignity and a grave and flagrant violation of the human rights and fundamental freedoms proclaimed in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and reaffirmed and developed in other international instruments in this field , as well as a violation of the rules of international law . The General Assembly reiterated its invitation to all Governments to take appropriate legislative or other steps to prevent and suppress the practice of enforced disappearances , in keeping with the Declaration on the Protection of All Persons from Enforced Disappearance , and to take action to that end at the national and regional levels and in cooperation with the United Nations , including through technical assistance . It also encouraged States to provide concrete information on measures taken to give effect to the Declaration and obstacles encountered , and requested all States to consider the possibility of disseminating the text of the Declaration in their respective national languages and to facilitate its dissemination in local languages .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	56	This focus is also seen as one of the critical long term answers to the problem of violence in the society , since research has firmly established that patterns of violence and aggressive behaviour in adolescents and adults can be traced to behavioural and social problems in early childhood . These and other initiatives are in keeping with Government 's commitment to the Convention on the Rights of the Child . For example , the Child Care and Protection Act was passed in 2004 , which strengthens the care and protection of children by introducing new standards for their treatment .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	54	It represents a significant commitment to the issue on the part of the President and involves a challenge to the authorities and institutions that must implement it through specific measures that are compatible with the stated objectives. This general outline is a very useful starting point for formulating a national plan that is in keeping with the aims of the Vienna Declaration and Plan of Action . The State 's efforts to deal with the problem of displacement have been inadequate because of its magnitude .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	46	It is clear that , in the very first stages of considering a crisis issue , the Security Council must determine whether peacekeeping is the appropriate option to resolve a given crisis situation . The Council must be sure that there is indeed a peace to keep — to paraphrase the Brahimi report — and that the parties to the conflict agree to pursue their objectives by political means and agree to United Nations involvement . In the event such conditions are met , the Security Council — and especially its permanent members — must show resolve and a clear sense of purpose and must lend their unreserved political support to the decision to launch a peacekeeping operation .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	58	The main perpetrators have yet to be punished and are still engaged in a life of crime which has lasted for over four decades . Their responsibility for blowing up the Cuban aircraft and killing , in cold blood , all the passengers and crew is known to the United States Government , which possesses information it is keeping secret . The Department of Justice of that country acknowledged this in an official document dated 23 June 1989 .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	53	Do Morocco 's law require the disclosure of the names and locations of brokers involved in transactions concerning firearms or explosives , on import and export licences or authorization or on any of the accompanying documents ? Imports of arms and ammunition by dealers are entered in a special register which the dealers keep for presentation on demand. The register is numbered and initialled by the competent customs inspector . An import authorization is issued for the importer 's personal needs on presentation of a permit to carry or possess arms .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	79	Reaffirms that any act of enforced disappearance is an offence to human dignity and a grave and flagrant violation of the human rights and fundamental freedoms proclaimed in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights82 and reaffirmed and developed in other international instruments in this field , as well as a violation of the rules of international law ; Urges all Governments to take appropriate legislative or other steps to prevent and suppress the practice of enforced disappearance , in keeping with the Declaration on the Protection of All Persons from Enforced Disappearance , and to take action to that end at the national and regional levels and in cooperation with the United Nations , including through the provision of technical assistance ; Calls upon Governments to take steps , when a state of emergency is introduced , to ensure that the protection of human rights is ensured , in particular as regards the prevention of enforced disappearances ;
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	96	Requests the Committee to continue to exert all efforts to promote the realization of the inalienable rights of the Palestinian people , including their right to self-determination , to support the Middle East peace process and to mobilize international support for and assistance to the Palestinian people , and authorizes the Committee to make such adjustments in its approved programme of work as it may consider appropriate and necessary in the light of developments and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its sixty-third session and thereafter ; Also requests the Committee to continue to keep under review the situation relating to the question of Palestine and to report and make suggestions to the General Assembly , the Security Council or the Secretary-General , as appropriate ; Further requests the Committee to continue to extend its cooperation and support to Palestinian and other civil society organizations and to continue to involve additional civil society organizations in its work in order to mobilize international solidarity and support for the Palestinian people , particularly during this critical period of humanitarian hardship and financial crisis , with the overall aim of promoting the achievement by the Palestinian people of its inalienable rights and a peaceful settlement of the question of Palestine ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	54	The well-known differences in the approaches of States to the provisions of such instruments could certainly be fully reconciled . They should not overshadow the objective , which is pressing for all of us , of establishing a legal basis to counter terrorism in all its manifestations — a basis that would be in keeping with the realities of today 's world . Russia is continuing to make resolute efforts to achieve that objective .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	90	“ Noting in particular that the merits of spirulina have been recognized through the adoption of international agreements , namely the Free Agreement for Cooperation in Scientific Research and Humanitarian Use of Micro-alga Spirulina as Food and the Convention for the Use of Food Micro-algae and the Intergovernmental Institution for the Use of Spirulina against Malnutrition , “ Taking into account that an intergovernmental organization known as `Convention for the Use of Food Micro-algae and the Intergovernmental Institution for the Use of Spirulina against Malnutrition ' has been established in keeping with the above agreements and has been granted observer status in the work of the Economic and Social Council , in accordance with Council decision 2003/212 of 5 March 2003 , “ Aiming to encourage greater attention to the production and use of spirulina for the reduction of hunger and poverty and to combat the food crises ,
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	57	UNU management will continue to examine ways to prepare budget and expenditure records University-wide by both project and object of expenditure and will consider the possibility of enhancing the System in relation to allotments . Such consideration will , however , need to take into account the need to maintain the flexibility of the System and to keep to a minimum the cost required for additional modifications to the system . A review of the System and the cost implications of modifying it will be undertaken .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	36	While more could have been accomplished , the achievement was not negligible : the first global acceptance that small arms menace both international and human security and that Governments are responsible for solutions . To help keep the promises in that Programme , we count on the First Committee for impetus . We know well that anti-personnel mines devastate the lives of individuals , communities and States .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	52	Signalling their desire to break away from bloodshed and despair , the two leaders agreed that “ all Palestinians would stop all acts of violence against Israelis everywhere ” and that “ Israel would cease all its military activity against all Palestinians everywhere ” . Both parties have since taken actions to keep up the momentum generated by the summit . Indeed , it is our hope and expectation that the understandings reached at the summit will be implemented fully and on time .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	26	The United Nations Mission has an appropriate mandate . Under the leadership of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General , it is working effectively , in keeping with the very clear guidelines laid down in advance . I commend its work , which is totally satisfactory .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	74	The view was expressed that the main themes of the in-depth evaluation were the need for coordination and the increased workload of the Office of Legal Affairs , and that the Fifth Committee should be made aware of the situation . It was noted that there was an increasing need for coordination in international trade law and that the staff of the International Trade Law Branch of the Office of Legal Affairs had been kept at their 1968 level , which was a worrying fact . The Committee was pleased with the steps taken to resolve the problem of backlog in the publication of treaty and other legal material and trusted that the matter was being kept under constant review to achieve the elimination of backlog within a specified time frame .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	51	Please refer to the RBF Money Laundering Guidelines . The Reserve Bank of Fiji 's banking supervision policy guideline for licensed financial institutions to counter money laundering sets the minimum requirements relating to the reporting of suspicious transactions , systems and trading to prevent money laundering , minimum identification , record keeping and reporting procedures ; and various responsibilities of a bank or credit institution , law enforcement authorities , and the Reserve Bank of Fiji with regard to countering money laundering . The policy guideline was developed with a view to meeting the 40 recommendations of the Financial Action Task force ( FATF ) .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	58	The mission 's results could lead to the establishment of a comprehensive , integrated and lasting strategy in which the subregional organizations and the United Nations agencies and programmes operating in Central Africa would work in coordination on all the political , economic and humanitarian issues of all the States of the subregion . That would be in keeping with the Council 's presidential statement , contained in document S/PRST/2002/31 of 31 October 2002 . The President : I give the floor to the representative of Equatorial Guinea .
keep%2:31:00::	keep.v	67	2.1 The complainant has a long history of human rights activism in Tunisia , where , over the past 24 years , he has helped set up and run human rights monitoring organizations . In 1998 , he co-founded the National Council for Fundamental Freedoms in Tunisia ( CNLT ) , which the Tunisian Government refused to register as a legal non-governmental organization ( NGO ) and kept under constant surveillance . In 2003 , he co-founded the Tunisian Association against Torture ( ATLT ) .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	31	( d ) Requested that more information be provided in relation to correspondence received , in particular correspondence classified as failing to meet admissibility requirements ; ( e ) Decided to keep its current rules of procedure relating to voting rights and to maintain its current practice with regard to the signing of attendance sheets at the time of adoption of decisions and views relating to communications ; ( f ) Registered a new case against Canada ( communication No. 19/2008 ) and appointed Dorcas Coker-Appiah as Case Rapporteur ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	83	The requirement provided by law relates to the steps taken and communicated by SAMA to such financial institutions to provide all information on the transferor , i.e. , name , identity number ( from identity document ) , address and purpose of transfer , in addition to the name and address of the payee and the country to which the sum is transferred , and to keep for at least five years such information relating to transfers effected . All this is in keeping with the Forty Recommendations and the additional eight recommendations issued by FATF . The CTC is aware that Saudi Arabia may have covered some or all of the points in the preceding paragraphs in reports or questionnaires submitted to other organizations involved in monitoring international standards .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	23	Tonga became a member of the United Nations in September 1999 . Tonga 's Defence Services ( TDS ) have contributed to peace keeping and peace building operations . The TDS Commander led the Forum peace mission in Bougainville .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	21	And using him , Mike McLish , as a sop to her pride . He handed the bayonet to Dean and kept the pistol . `` Stay well back of me '' , he said .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	42	The report of the Secretary-General is complex owing to the scope of proposals submitted and their significance . In addition , in accordance with current procedures for the consideration of proposed programme budgets , the Advisory Committee received voluminous supplementary information. In keeping with past practice and rule 157 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly , the Advisory Committee decided that the report of the Secretary-General required an in-depth , line-by-line examination in the same manner in which the Advisory Committee traditionally treats the proposed programme budget itself . In the opinion of the Advisory Committee , the intense pressure under which the Secretariat prepared the report resulted in a document that is not totally coherent .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	85	Decides to extend the mandate of UNOMIG for a new period terminating on 31 July 2002 , and to review the mandate of UNOMIG unless the decision on the extension of the presence of the CIS peacekeeping force is taken by 15 February 2002 , and , in this respect , notes that on 31 January 2002 the Georgian authorities agreed on the extension of the mandate of the CIS peacekeeping force until the end of June 2002 ; Requests the Secretary-General to continue to keep the Council regularly informed and to report three months from the date of the adoption of this resolution on the situation in Abkhazia , Georgia ; Decides to remain actively seized of the matter .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	34	I invite the United States delegation to think over what its representative said so irresponsibly before the General Assembly . The Acting President : I have been informed that it would be advisable to keep items 37 and 38 open in the agenda of the fifty-eighth session . Therefore , we have thus concluded this stage of our consideration of agenda items 37 and 38 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	67	Likewise , it will have to pay due attention to the implementation of its decisions , and , in that connection , I would note that we have already taken substantive steps forward in that direction by following up , at each of our sessions , the decisions adopted by the Council . Likewise , the Council will have to agree on an agenda that is in keeping with the General Assembly 's decision to promote universal respect for the protection of the human rights and fundamental freedoms of all persons , in the context of an annual cycle of meetings that will enable the Council to consider , in an orderly and rational manner , all of the issues under its purview . The idea is to avail ourselves of the possibility of meeting on several occasions throughout the year , staggering consideration of certain items and following up regularly on all mandates , and of reacting more quickly to events as they occur .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its sixty-first session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Integrated Mission in Timor-Leste ” . HUMAN RIGHTS COUNCIL Fourth session Item 2 of the provisional agenda
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	31	The Board notes that action is ongoing by the International Trade Centre UNCTAD/WTO in respect of the following recommendations . The Board has included comments , where appropriate , and will keep these matters under review . ( a ) Recommendation in paragraph 9 ( b ) that the International Trade Centre UNCTAD/WTO conduct its planned review of the outstanding requirements of its Corporate Management Information System ( CMIS ) , determine a cost-efficient monitoring system and reach a formal decision on the two CMIS modules that were put on hold .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	77	Africa 's partners have also enhanced their support for NEPAD following a number of important steps taken by the United Nations , the European Union and the Group of Eight ( G-8 ) , as well as within the context of South-South cooperation . What the Secretary-General calls “ unprecedented mobilization of international public opinion in support of Africa ” ( A/60/178 , summary ) has also played a major role , which we must continue to keep alive through appropriate communication strategies . However , we should be realistic .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	29	This provision is reinforced by the Labour Code , which devotes an entire chapter to this matter ( arts . Under the Code , working conditions that are in keeping with safety and hygiene requirements , an obligation of the employer , must be created in all organizations . The employer is answerable for violations of occupational safety requirements .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	78	The Islamic Republic of Iran is concerned over media reports from Afghanistan pointing to the increasing number of civilian causalities as a result of ongoing air strikes , and it expects countries involved in military action in that country to show restraint and not engage in activities that will jeopardize the lives of innocent people . Last but not least , my delegation acknowledges the valuable work done by the Secretariat in compiling information and organizing it in keeping with the instructions and guidelines that the Security Council has laid down . Mr. Mahbubani ( Singapore ) : The debate we had two weeks ago on the terrorism issue was clearly the single most important debate of this year 's session of the General Assembly .
keep%2:35:10::	keep.v	37	During 1999 , about 62 Palestinian detainees were held in isolation . In 1999 , the prison authority management carried out extremely humiliating inspection and search campaigns in all the prisons where political detainees and prisoners were kept . For example , on 14 February 1999 , in Beersheba prison , the administration stormed a section where the political prisoners were kept , forcing them to completely take off their clothes , to strip naked .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	25	Note 12 Risk Risk is inherent in the microfinance industry , and effective risk management is seen as the only way for microfinance institutions to keep functioning . Ultimate responsibility for the effective management of risks rests with the Director of the microfinance and microenterprise programme .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	122	Mr. Oyarzábal ( Observer for Argentina ) said that in an attempt to address the concerns raised by the African States in particular , his delegation proposed inserting text along the lines of “ to the extent that the particular characteristics of the goods so require ” in paragraph 2 , so as to make it clear that the carrier or shipper could stipulate that the loading , handling , stowing or unloading of the goods was to be performed by the shipper only when the particular characteristics of the goods so required . He also proposed amending the title of draft article 14 to read “ Obligations to properly and carefully receive , load , handle , stow , carry , keep , care for , unload and deliver the goods ” and deleting the word “ specific ” in the title of draft article 15 so that it read “ Obligations applicable to the voyage by sea ” . Mr. Mayer ( Switzerland ) said that the purpose of paragraph 2 was to limit paragraph 1 ; there was no intention whatsoever to place an obligation on the consignee .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	57	States parties should explain the reason for , and effect of , any reservations to articles 7 or 8 and indicate where the reservations reflect traditional , customary or stereotyped attitudes towards women 's roles in society , as well as the steps being taken by the States parties to change those attitudes . States parties should keep the necessity for such reservations under close review and in their reports include a timetable for their removal . Article 7
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	42	I note his quite optimistic assessment that significant progress towards independence is being made on most , if not all , fronts . I think that this is one of the potential success stories of the United Nations , and we must keep it going that way . The elections are extremely important .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	49	The country was able to secure an exemption from liberalization for the rice industry under annex 5 of the World Trade Organization 's Agreement on Agriculture . This exemption allowed the country to maintain import restrictions on the commodity even as it tariffed all other agricultural products , in keeping with its commitment to liberalization under the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade . During the past years , there have been pressures to liberalize the rice industry .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	24	• Establishment of 22 CONAG/DCF observatories in the schools to combat stereotypes and violence there ; • Awareness-raising campaigns to promote school attendance and keep girls in school ; and • A 2006 document containing a situational analysis of the family in Guinea .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	42	ECOWAS would like to work with the Security Council to maintain the force in place so as to enable it support the peace process in Côte d'Ivoire , which is evolving satisfactorily albeit slowly . ECOWAS member States will be unable to keep their troops in Côte d'Ivoire at their own expense , given the precarious financial situation in contributing countries . Should States retain their troops in Côte d'Ivoire without adequate financial provision , there will be high risk of problems being fomented as a result of a botched peacekeeping operation , which has happened in a number of African countries in the past .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	53	Nuclear-weapon States should bear in mind that reductions of deployments are a positive signal but no replacement for the actual elimination of nuclear weapons . Nuclear-weapon States should implement the NPT commitments to apply the principle of irreversibility by destroying the nuclear warheads in the context of strategic nuclear reductions , and avoid keeping them in a state that lends itself to their possible redeployment . While deployment reduction , and reduction of operational status sends a positive signal , it can not be a substitute for irreversible cuts and the total elimination of nuclear weapons .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	47	During its ninety-first , ninety-second and ninety-third sessions , the Bureau of the Committee held nine meetings ( three per session ) , with interpretation . Pursuant to the decision taken at the seventy-first session , the Bureau records its decisions in formal minutes , which are kept as a record of all decisions taken . Special rapporteurs
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	41	During the period under review , technical training was provided to 23 MONUC staff in some cases to upgrade skills and in others to introduce new technologies . In the finance area , training was undertaken to strengthen capabilities in record keeping , monitoring and reporting of expenditures . Procurement training was conducted by Headquarters for the benefit of all peacekeeping missions .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	56	Other interactions and cross-participation of senior officials , committee chairs and interested government representatives in United Nations and World Trade Organization intergovernmental meetings should be similarly facilitated ” ( box between paras. 139 and 140 ) . The Secretary-General 's report also suggests that “ the Ministerial Conference of the World Trade Organization might wish to keep on its permanent agenda further consideration of the issue of its institutional relationship with the United Nations ” ( para . Origin : Report of the Regional Consultation on Financing for Development in the Latin America and the Caribbean Region , Bogotá , 9 and 10 November 2000
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	73	We believe that in order to improve the Committee 's working methods there must , first of all , be mutual confidence and a spirit of cooperation among all member States so that the Committee can become a forum where issues of great importance for international peace and security can be discussed . The main objective of the process of revitalization of the First Committee should be to restore its political role in keeping with the mandates of Articles 11 and 13 of the Charter . Mr. Traavik ( Norway ) : The First Committee is intended to be a core multilateral venue for addressing security challenges .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	38	The Security Council emphasizes the importance of maintaining strong support for AMIS until any eventual transition is completed . The Security Council looks forward to an early decision from the African Union Peace and Security Council and will keep this issue under consideration with a view to reviewing the options submitted by the Secretary-General . The Security Council stresses the importance of urgently reaching a successful conclusion of the Abuja Talks and calls on all parties to negotiate in good faith in order to reach a peace accord as soon as possible .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	80	In this connection , the heads of State stressed the importance of the conference of directors of security services and “ power ” structures of the CACO member States held from 20 to 22 August 2002 in Tashkent , and instructed the directors of the aforementioned structures to hold similar conferences on a regular basis . The heads of State pointed out in particular that strengthening peace and stability in Afghanistan and establishing good-neighbourly relations with that country are in keeping with the basic interests of the countries of Central Asia . Joint efforts to restore Afghanistan 's economy and infrastructure will make a substantial contribution to ensuring regional security and stability .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	15	Canada is in full compliance with its obligations under Article I . Furthermore , in keeping with the political commitment of the CBMs , Canada has reported on the nature of its biological weapons programme as it existed historically and as terminated long before the entry into force of the BTWC , and continues to encourage other States Parties to report at an appropriate level of detail , including on past activities . Article II
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	50	The Mexico venue for the Conference is emblematic of what this process is about . We fully trust that the Government of Mexico and its Mission here in New York will devote much energy and skill to the preparation and implementation of the Conference , which would be quite in keeping with the valuable role that Mexico has already played in the process . Let me also thank other delegations , and in particular the delegation of Kenya and other African delegations , whose magnanimity and sense of commitment to the financing for development process made it possible for the decision on the venue for the Conference to be taken immediately upon receipt of the Mexican invitation , during our last Preparatory Committee meeting .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	76	One half of the health sector allocation has been earmarked for the purchase of medical supplies , parts and equipment , as well as items required for the rehabilitation of health facilities and infrastructure , while the remaining 50 per cent has been set aside for the procurement of medicines . It is essential that the funding levels for the food and health sectors , as well as those of the targeted nutrition programmes , are kept under review to ensure the expeditious allocation of funds and the timely contracting of all supplies in quantities sufficient to meet the requirements and the targets set forth in the distribution plan . Funds resulting from the suspension of the implementation of paragraph 8 ( g ) of resolution 986 ( 1995 )
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	19	Of concern also is discrimination based on sexual orientation . In the design of HIV/AIDS-related strategies , and in keeping with their obligations under the Convention , States parties must give careful consideration to prescribed gender norms within their societies with a view to eliminating gender-based discrimination as these norms impact on the vulnerability of both girls and boys to HIV/AIDS . States parties should , in particular , recognize that discrimination in the context of HIV/AIDS often impacts girls more severely than boys .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	59	In furtherance of this stance , Jamaica continues to align itself with the positions of the Group of 77 and the Non-Aligned Movement in opposing and condemning such unilateral action , which is in violation of the sovereign rights of the Cuban people and also contravenes the letter and spirit of the Charter of the United Nations . In keeping with its obligations under the Charter , the Government of Jamaica has not promulgated legislation , implemented any measure or taken any other action which would violate the sovereignty of a State or its lawful national interests or impede its freedom of trade , economic cooperation or other commercial activity . Jamaica remains convinced and maintains the position that only through a process of constructive engagement guided by the universal principle of the peaceful settlement of disputes will the most viable options for achieving a solution leading towards enduring peace and long-term stability emerge , to the satisfaction of all parties .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	39	Today , for the membership of the United Nations , this means we must match our words with deeds , our rhetoric with action . The promises that States Members of the United Nations have made deserve to be kept . Living up to our promises and achieving the Millennium Development Goals by 2015 is one of the greatest gifts that we could give to humanity , and our future prosperity and stability .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	120	The Parties , on the basis of the principles of equality and mutually advantageous cooperation , will use every means to encourage the establishment and development of a trade and economic partnership within the framework of the Five , including matters relating to the improvement of the investment climate and the business environment in their countries , the granting of favourable terms for the conduct of normal business activities by citizens and enterprises of the other countries of the Five and the settlement of disputes that arise in the course of their cooperation . The Parties consider that the implementation of Kazakhstan 's initiative to hold a meeting of the heads of Government of the five countries is fully in keeping with those objectives , and they support the establishment , as necessary , by the appropriate authorities of the five States , of joint expert groups to carry out the necessary preparatory work . The Parties support the interest of the People 's Republic of China in the active participation of the Russian Federation and the Central Asian countries in the development of China 's western regions .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	76	The Conference notes that all nuclear-weapon States have now concluded additional protocols to their voluntary-offer safeguards agreements incorporating those measures provided for in the Model Additional Protocol that each nuclear-weapon State has identified as capable of contributing to the non-proliferation and efficiency aims of the Protocol , when implemented with regard to that State , and as consistent with that State 's obligations under article I of the Treaty . The Conference invites such States to keep the scope of those additional protocols under review . The Conference commends IAEA for making its experience in the verification of nuclear non-proliferation available to the Conference on Disarmament in connection with the negotiation of a non-discriminatory , multilateral and internationally and effectively verifiable treaty banning the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons or other nuclear explosive devices .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	46	The WNC successfully amended the Personal Status Law to give mothers equal rights to report a delivery and avail birth certificates of the children in 2003 . The law does not differentiate between personal rights of husband and wife and in the Islamic jurisprudence women can keep their maiden names and can choose the occupation she wants , as the husband does not have the right to force his wife to work in a certain job . Each spouse has the right to own property , supervise and manage it .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	22	Mr. Jean-Pierre Bemba reiterated that commitment during his meeting with the Security Council mission on 25 May . That promise must be kept through concrete action . The FLC must redeploy without delay to the positions of the Harare sub-plans .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	35	( b ) Record of fishing vessels Consistent with the FAO Compliance Agreement and the FAO Code of Conduct , the IPOA encourages record keeping and provides a suite of essential information which should be kept . In addition to this information , and in promoting the objectives of preventing vessels from reflagging , IPOA-IUU also requires the name and ownership history of the vessel , including the history of non-compliance and a picture of the vessel.56 This information will assist a flag State in monitoring vessels entitled to fly its flag and may make it more difficult for vessels with a history of non-compliance from reflagging .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	74	The great majority of the countries in the region witnessed a break in this trend in the first half of 2002 , however. Even the downward slide in Argentina 's economy came to a halt in the second quarter of 2002 ( over half of the contraction in GDP for 2002 is due to the downturn that preceded the discontinuation of the convertibility regime ) . These short-term swings in economic performance have been kept within a range of quite low rates , however , and thanks to the continuation of this mild recovery , the region 's GDP is expected to expand by 2 per cent in 2003 . The region 's performance has been influenced by the adverse international economic conditions generated in 1998 by the repercussions of the Asian crisis and the imbalances that built up during the 1990s .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	19	as contained in documents APLC/CONF/2009/PM.1/3 , APLC/CONF/2009/PM.1/4 , APLC/CONF/2009/PM.1/2 and APLC/CONF/2009/PM.1/… respectively . The Meeting recommended that , in keeping with the practice that has served the States Parties well at their formal meetings , the Co-Chairs of the four Standing Committees should serve as Vice Presidents of the Second Review Conference , namely : Argentina , Australia , Belgium , Chile , Italy , Japan , Thailand and Zambia . Documentation
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	56	We underscore the central importance of a truly global stimulus , strengthened financial regulation and oversight to prevent a recurrence of the crisis and the need for coordinated policies to ensure that all available resources for stimulus have the maximum global impact . We welcome the strong emphasis of the G-20 on assisting developing countries on keeping open trade , and on the additional financing for trade . However , specific commitments to additional resources are also required to assist the poorest , while avoiding the risk of resuming a cycle of unsustainable indebtedness .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	52	For reasons history already has taken note of , East Timor did not have the chance to accede to independence in the same year . Only through immense suffering were the East Timorese people , who for many years were forgotten by a great part of the international community , able to keep alive the hope of building their own country . They are the real heroes of our time : those who died for the freedom of their country , those who fought under appalling conditions and in almost complete isolation .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	51	In any assessment of the programme , however , it should be borne in mind that it was never intended as a substitute for the resumption of normal economic activity , and can not be expected to address the whole range of needs of the Iraqi population . Nonetheless , in keeping with the objectives of resolution 986 ( 1995 ) and subsequent resolutions , it remains essential to seek ways to maximize the efficiency of the programme , for the benefit of the civilian population . The implementation of the provisions of section C of resolution 1284 ( 1999 ) will undoubtedly enhance the impact of the programme in alleviating the humanitarian situation in Iraq .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	34	The shipper would then be liable for direct loss ( the vessel and other equipment ) as well as for indirect loss ( freight , etc. ) . A second option would be to keep carrier liability for delay in the draft convention , but to delete the specific references to delay in the chapter on shipper 's obligations . This would leave the carrier with uniform limited liability .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	19	The responsibility and management of financial accounting , recruitment and procurement may vary depending on local conditions . In keeping with the objectives of sustainability and ownership , financial management by national entities through the provision of financial assistance for specific activities is encouraged . Depending on the local situation in each programme country , national execution might entail cash advances to national authorities or NGOs , alternatively reimbursing actual expenditures in other cases .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	55	As clarified in the joint statement , we will return to the NPT and sign the safeguards agreement with IAEA and comply with it immediately upon the United States ' provision of light-water reactors , a physical basis of confidence-building . As already clarified more than once , we do not have any need to keep even a single nuclear weapon if DPRK-United States relations are normalized , bilateral confidence is built and we are not exposed to the United States nuclear threat any longer . What is essential here is that the United States provides light-water reactors to the DPRK as early as possible as evidence proving the former 's substantial recognition of the latter 's nuclear activity for peaceful purposes .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	102	The Committee recommended that the programme managers be requested to refrain from using terminology that had not been approved by the Assembly , as well as to ensure that legislative mandates were accurately translated into programmes and subprogrammes , taking into account regulation 4.2 and rule 104.7 ( e ) of the Regulations and Rules Governing Programme Planning and the relevant provisions of Assembly resolutions on results-based budgeting . The Committee noted that the General Assembly would consider reports on human resources management reform and administration of justice at its sixty-first session and recommended that the relevant subprogrammes under programme 24 be kept under review so as to ensure that any decisions of the Assembly that might require revisions to the logical framework were reflected in the revised programme . The Committee recommended that the Department of Management be requested to amend the overall orientation and subprogramme 4 to reflect any decisions that the Assembly might take when it considered the report of the Secretary-General on information and communication technology to be submitted in accordance with section II of Assembly resolution 60/283 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	24	Later the Hurok office made it Dec. 8 thru 17 , a nice , long booking for the full repertory . But if you keep a calendar of events , as we do , you noticed a conflict . Allied Arts had booked Marlene Dietrich into McCormick Place Dec. 8 and 9 .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	39	It identifies topics related to the SNA that need to be explored but were considered to be outside the scope of the present update or were likely to take more time than was available . Although attention will be kept focused on completing the update on schedule , it is important to start planning and outlining the research and consultation that needs to be done in the future . Comments and proposals have been requested on the topics to be considered for long-term research .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	34	As President Lula da Silva stated at the opening of this session of the General Assembly : “ There is no more effective way [ than multilateralism ] to bring States together , to keep the peace , to protect human rights , to promote sustainable development and to work out negotiated solutions to common problems. ” ( See A/61/PV.10 ) Brazil is committed to multilateralism across the full spectrum of international relations , not least in the area of peace and security .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	28	This resolution also covered the freeing of Iraqi prisoners of war , which was one of the ceasefire conditions . That is why Iraq had no interest in keeping any Kuwaiti or non-Kuwaiti prisoners of war . Iraq asks Kuwait to no longer politicize the question of missing Kuwaiti prisoners of war .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	30	The Governments of various States , with the exception of the current Israeli Government , have welcomed the initiative . The Security Council also welcomed it because it is in keeping with international legitimacy and represents a rational way to stop the daily massacres in Palestinian territory and to rescue the region from the spiral of violence . We look forward to all the parties concerned adopting that worthy initiative and respecting it with a view to ensuring peace , security , stability , cooperation and prosperity for all .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	23	Please indicate whether women participate in peacekeeping operations of the United Nations , including as civilian and police personnel . The Defence Forces keep data on the participation of women in peacekeeping missions led by the United Nations and the North Atlantic Treaty Organization . All women who have participated have been engaged in military tasks .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	39	As a short-term transitional measure , the possibility of maintaining some positions in the missions was raised by the Independent Audit Advisory Committee ( see para . 656 above ) . OIOS concurs with those suggestions and proposes to keep staff in the largest missions as part of a phased-in solution . Accordingly , the following post distribution in the three regional hubs ( 43 posts ) is proposed .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	140	Being committed to the bonds of brotherhood and of a shared history and cultural heritage ; looking toward the horizons of unified Arabian Gulf action ; inspired by a profound realization of common political , economic , social and security challenges and of the need to coordinate , at all levels , appropriate responses to those challenges that will mobilize the forces of the member States and the capacities of their societies to preserve their stability and security and the welfare of their peoples , while facilitating their political integration , Reaffirming that the GCC is inseparable from global development , the global economy and global security , whence the Gulf States strive to pursue the process of comprehensive modernization to keep abreast of the times and the civilizational demands of the times within the framework of a strategy in keeping with ambitious programmes , so as to realize the hopes and ambitions of the GCC countries and their brother peoples , Guided by the declarations made by the leaders of the Arab States at their meeting held in Tunis on 22 and 23 May 2004 on development and modernization in the Arab world , which constituted an expression of the will of the Arab peoples to bring about a total renaissance in accordance with their aspirations towards greater development , including sustainable development , and integration ,
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-fifth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Mission in Ethiopia and Eritrea ” . A/55/666 and Corr.1 .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	35	Invites the Special Rapporteur to provide updates , as appropriate , of his reports on the situation of human rights in Afghanistan to the General Assembly and the Commission on Human Rights ; Decides to keep the situation of human rights in Afghanistan under consideration at its fifty-seventh session , in the light of additional elements provided by the Commission on Human Rights and the Economic and Social Council . Resolution 217 A ( III ) .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	36	I want to comment on the role of the Security Council with regard to peacekeeping . Traditionally , the approach adopted by the Security Council has been the following : where there is no peace to keep , peacekeeping operations should not be authorized . Sadly , that has been the case with Somalia .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	64	Financing of the United Nations Iraq-Kuwait Observation Mission The General Assembly , ( a ) takes note of the note of the Secretary-General on the financing of the United Nations Iraq-Kuwait Observation Mission for the period from 1 July 2003 to 30 June 2004 and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions ; and ( b ) decides to keep under review , during its fifty-eighth session , the sub-item entitled “ Financing of the activities arising from Security Council resolution 687 ( 1991 ) : United Nations Iraq-Kuwait Observation Mission ” . Second Session
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-fifth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Mission in Sierra Leone ” . 98th plenary meeting
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	28	At the social level , we will help improve access to basic services with a view to enhancing equality and social cohesion . The entire donor community must keep its promises . All donors must fulfil their promises to honour their development commitments .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	46	It will also vary over time , since further records may be classified as confidential and others may be progressively declassified and made publicly available . As is further explained below ( see para. 195 ) , confidential documents require specific management measures , including being kept separately from public documents and under strict security conditions . The Tribunals ' records may be divided into three main categories : ( a ) judicial records related to the cases ; ( b ) records which are not part of the judicial records stricto sensu but are generated in connection with the judicial process ; and ( c ) administrative records .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its sixtieth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Stabilization Mission in Haiti ” . 53rd plenary meeting 23 November 2005
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	51	Welcomes also the cooperative attitude of other States and Territories in the region towards New Caledonia , its economic and political aspirations and its increasing participation in regional and international affairs and its intention to host the 2005 meeting of the Ministerial Committee of the Pacific Islands Forum ; Decides to keep under continuous review the process unfolding in New Caledonia as a result of the signing of the Nouméa Accord ; Also decides to continue the examination of the question of the Non-Self-Governing Territory of New Caledonia and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its sixty-first session .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	50	St. John 1 : 12 , 13 . You may be very religious , a good church member , an upright , honest and sincere person ; you may be baptized , confirmed , reverent and worshipful ; you may attend mass , do penance , say prayers and zealously keep all the sacraments and ceremonies of the church ; you may have the final and extreme unction but if you are not born again you are lost and headed for hell and eternal punishment . You cannot be saved ; you cannot go to heaven unless you are born again .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	36	The Global Campaign on Secure Tenure will continue to spearhead a global strategy that promotes secure tenure for all , partnership with the urban poor as well as inclusive and sustainable human settlements policies . In keeping with the provisions of Governing Council resolution 19/16 , the campaign will continue to promote the rights of women as essential to successful shelter policies . The Campaign on Urban Governance will continue to promote accountable and transparent urban governance that responds and benefits all sectors of society , particularly the urban poor .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	72	Mr. García Moritán ( Argentina ) said that the text of the draft resolution should be interpreted in the light of relevant resolutions of the General Assembly and the Special Political and Decolonization Committee , such as those relating to the question of the Malvinas Islands , particularly resolution 2065 ( XX ) and subsequent resolutions the terms of which he called to mind . His Government wished to reiterate , in keeping with resolutions 1514 ( XV ) and 2625 ( XXV ) , its full support for the right to self-determination of peoples who wished to free themselves from colonial domination and foreign occupation. In the case of the Malvinas Islands , and to be consistent with United Nations doctrine , the principle of territorial integrity should be applied in order to prevent efforts to undermine the national unity and the territorial integrity of Argentina. His Government had stressed that principle in its interpretative declaration on the Millennium Declaration ( A/55/371 ) . Ms. Davtyan ( Armenia ) said that her delegation was a sponsor of the draft resolution and had voted for it .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	57	The Committee recalled that insofar as the completion of certain studies coming under the heading of general education was necessary to obtain access to a given employment , the problems relating thereto should not be overlooked in the application of Convention ( see General Survey 1988 , paragraph 78 ) . The Committee asked the Government to keep it informed of its progress in improving access for all to both education and vocational training . Convention No. 87 : In its direct request of 2003 in response to the Government 's first report , the Committee noted that section 2 ( 2 ) ( c ) and ( d ) of the Labour Act No. 12 of 1990 excludes domestic workers from its scope .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	43	The bodies involved not only have a role in dealing with domestic violence . They are also often important sources of information about matters such as trafficking in women and children. This information must be channelled and analysed if the KPA is to keep proper records of trafficking in women and children . According to figures from the Foundation for Women in Distress , in both 2002 and 2003 the number of new reported cases of marital abuse was 159 .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	63	Turkey reported that there had been increases in some categories of kidnapping , generally those aimed at material benefit , and declines in others , largely related to abduction of women and children . Argentina highlighted an unusual increase in kidnapping during 2002 , suggesting that this could be attributed to a general lack of confidence in the banking sector , with citizens keeping large amounts of cash at home . The result was an increase in both organized and “ express ” kidnappings as an easy source of illicit profit .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	48	The international commitment to fighting terrorism , political violence and extremism has become both an international and a national responsibility , particularly since the events of 11 September 2001 , which claimed the lives of many innocent people . Combating terrorism has become an international obligation , in keeping with the United Nations commitment to respect human rights , foremost of which are the rights to life and security . Accordingly , the Kingdom of Bahrain has backed all international and regional efforts to combat this dangerous scourge , which threatens us all and whose effects can be felt around the world .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	128	We are confident that Syria does wish to have peace and stability and that it will take a positive attitude , once the other party has proved its readiness to work towards a real and just peace for all . The Government of Yemen hopes that the upcoming Middle East peace conference will be a new turning point that will advance efforts towards a comprehensive and just peace for the region and that the United States , the main sponsor of the peace process , as well as the United Nations and other parties will all play an effective and positive role and bring pressure to bear on the Israeli Government to meet its obligations and implement all international resolutions and the conventions it has signed , in keeping with a clear-cut timetable , without delay or procrastination . The Government of Yemen believes that peace is inevitable and calls on the United Nations and the international community , and above all the influential international partners in the Security Council , to play their historic role and responsibility in order to put an end to the intransigence of the Israeli Government and oblige it to respect international resolutions and the agreements and understandings reached between the parties to the peace process so that a comprehensive and just peace can be achieved in the Middle East .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	30	We would like to enhance the Council 's efficiency and effectiveness and improve its working methods . The Council must be democratic , representative , fair , transparent and in keeping with the reality of today . It must respond to the entire membership of the United Nations .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	78	Referring to the rules of keeping the banks ' documents related to their business we would like to mention that beside the general established rules by the State Archive for all enterprises , at present it is in force the official policy of the NBM of 25.10.97 on the banks ' files , which determines the terms for keeping the documents related to the identity of customers and their transactions . Thus , there are provided requirements on keeping the documents related to the credit portfolio for 5 years ; keeping the documents of founders and the money placed in the banks ' capital - on a permanent basis ; the daily documents - 3 years ; book of customers ' accounts - 5 years etc . It is necessary to mention that all the regulations of the NBM that refer to the anti-money laundering were developed with the assistance of foreign advisors ( IMF , Barents Group - KPMG Consulting - USAID , DeNederlandsche Bank , GTZ etc. ) and aim to the compliance of the banking supervision with the “ Core principles of the effective banking supervision ” of the Basel Committee .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	91	Revised and re-studied the program of the aviation safety operational procedures of consignors ; Introduced strict supervision on the tags for identification of the registered cargo and baggage as well as handbags ; Focused on the overlap of the number of boarding tickets and passengers of the aircraft ; Tightened control over the registered cargo , baggage and over the allowing of individuals to get thereto in order to prevent any placement , for the purpose of sabotage , of any equipment into them . The control envisages security measures from keeping and registration to moving to the aircraft of the baggage ( including in the area of baggage classification ) . To ensure the effectiveness of the checking operations , the airports and agencies employ two main inspection methods :
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	78	It was stated that the real issue was not the legal characterization but the economic consequences of treating retention of title for purposes of publicity and insolvency as a security device or not . In response , it was stated , however , that , legal characterization did matter since , if retention of title was assimilated to a security right and assets subject to retention of title were part of the estate , the insolvency representative could keep them without having to pay the outstanding price even though it had not rejected the contract . Only if retention of title was treated as a title device , assets subject to it would be outside the estate , and , as a result , the insolvency representative would be obliged to pay the outstanding balance of the price , before any payment to other secured creditors , in order to keep the assets in the estate .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	39	A lock on the toilet would encourage malingering and primping . The toilet had n't had a sincere scrubbing in years and there were things written on the walls of the little boxed in place because you could n't keep the public out - entirely . She could not count the times Herman had rapped on the door , just a couple of bangs that shook the whole damned closet and might , someday , break away the pipe connections from the wall .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	29	Debt relief is another major challenge . Full and equitable financing of the Heavily Indebted Poor Countries mechanism is a litmus test of the international community 's ability to keep its word . The upcoming high-level event on financing for development will give us an opportunity to analyse all these related issues in a coordinated manner .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	59	His delegation believed that the reinforcement of such cooperation was one element of strengthening collective action that should be considered by the High-Level Panel announced by the Secretary-General at the opening of the general debate . The situation in West Africa illustrated the challenges facing present-day peacekeeping : the need for a rapid response to deal with crises and keep the peace , and the need for a comprehensive approach to rebuilding countries in volatile regions . The situation in one country could not be seen in isolation from regional developments .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	32	To this end , the Government of Jamaica has not promulgated any law , legislation or measure that would obstruct the freedom of commercial activity , trade or economic cooperation . In keeping with its obligations under the Charter of the United Nations and international law , Jamaica has not enacted any legislation or otherwise engaged in any activity that would result in the extraterritorial application of national legislation that would infringe on the sovereignty of a State or its lawful national interests . In particular , the Government of Jamaica reiterates its support for General Assembly resolutions calling for an end to the economic , commercial and financial embargo against Cuba .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	19	In addition , the Ministry of Health has developed hospital-level clinical protocols for the main childhood diseases . In keeping with the fundamental principles of the Convention on the Rights of the Child , a Ministry of Health working group is developing a national strategy of integrated approaches to protect the health and development of children and teenagers in Tajikistan for the period 2007-2010 . The strategy aims to help children and teenagers in the country achieve their health and well-being potential by reducing disease , disability and mortality indicators and also by enhancing children 's general growth and development through a set of treatment and preventive interventions and health-care system reform , including decentralizing the management system and capacity-building at the district level .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	101	2520/05 and in force for one year on an experimental basis , It establishes the criteria for evaluating degrees and merits and for written and oral evaluations as a prerequisite for admission of professional teachers into the national education system . In this connection , it should be mentioned that , in pursuance of the restructuring required by the ministerial decision in force since 2004 , this process is currently the responsibility of the Human Resources Department , through its Directorate of Competitions , which is in charge of directing the process and for its administrative and technical monitoring , in keeping with the new vision and policy of the Human Resources Administration and abandoning the old concept of simple administration and monitoring of the administrative staff through a Personnel Directorate . The latter still exists but with responsibility for Central Administration personnel under the Human Resources Department .
keep%2:31:00::	keep.v	27	Here , then , is what Swift would have called a modest proposal by way of a beginning . From next New Year 's Day let us keep careful account of each successive fatality on the highways , publicizing it on all media of communication . To avoid suspicion of bigotry , let the hand of vengeance be stayed until the meat-wagon has picked up the twenty-five thousandth corpse ; but let the twenty-five thousand and first butchery be the signal for the arrest of the 50 state highway commissioners .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	49	Having considered the report of the Commission on its thirty-fifth session , Concerned that activities undertaken by other bodies of the United Nations system in the field of international trade law without adequate coordination with the Commission might lead to undesirable duplication of efforts and would not be in keeping with the aim of promoting efficiency , consistency and coherence in the unification and harmonization of international trade law , as stated in its resolution 37/106 of 16 December 1982 , Reaffirming the mandate of the Commission , as the core legal body within the United Nations system in the field of international trade law , to coordinate legal activities in this field ,
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	73	On 1 August 2004 the WTO General Council adopted a decision on frameworks for further negotiations , the “ Framework Agreement ” , expected to enable WTO members to put negotiations back on track . While the decision sets out a framework , structure and direction for a future package in four core areas of agriculture , non-agricultural market access ( NAMA ) , services and development issues , only trade facilitation was kept on the Doha agenda from the “ Singapore issues ” . The other issues ( trade and investment , trade and competition and transparency in government procurement ) would not form part of the single undertaking , as “ no new work towards negotiations ” would be undertaken during the Doha Work Programme negotiations .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	73	Moreover , it is possible that the building of such a framework could waste huge amounts of financial resources through the appointment of experts whom the United Nations does not need for long periods of time , but only on an ad hoc basis and under vastly different and substantive conditions . That would only place an additional and useless burden on the Organization 's regular budget , which we are trying to keep under control . On the other hand , while we agree with the concept paper on the need to provide rapid and flexible funding for activities aimed at achieving stability in a post-conflict situation , we believe that , given the inability of existing funding mechanisms to do so with the required effectiveness , the best way to accomplish this is to focus on quickly overcoming the defects hampering the work of the existing funding mechanisms and to reform them — particularly the Peacebuilding Fund — rather than thinking about creating new ones .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	34	Those principles should be included in all future economic and financial negotiations , as well as in United Nations development and integration programmes . Although the countries which were actively reorienting their economies in keeping with market principles were offering broad access to their markets for foreign companies , including multinational and global companies from the industrially developed nations , a responding offer of access to the internal markets of those larger States was more often the exception than the rule . In that context , he welcomed the recent appeal by the new Managing Director of the International Monetary Fund , to the leading developed countries , to carry out their structural reforms in such a way that globalization would work in the interests of all .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	58	Decides to fix the rates of assessment in 2003 for Afghanistan at 0.001 per cent and for Argentina at 0.969 per cent , as ad hoc adjustments ; Requests the Committee on Contributions to elaborate further on the criteria regarding ad hoc adjustments of the rates of assessment for consideration and approval by the General Assembly , in keeping with rule 160 of the rules of procedure of the Assembly , so as to facilitate further its consideration of such adjustments ; Emphasizes the need to seek to preserve the integrity of the scale of assessments ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	33	In conjunction with these advances in coordination , individual parts of the United Nations system with a significant role in peace-building have made efforts to strengthen their capacity in this area . In keeping with the results of the comprehensive review of peacekeeping , the Department of Peacekeeping Operations is strengthening its capacity to support the integrated planning and conduct of multidimensional peacekeeping operations , including the peace-building activities that take place within them under the authority of the head of mission and the lead department . Dedicated crisis-response units have been established in most United Nations agencies , while many agencies , funds and programmes have created new programming tools to respond more effectively to needs of crisis countries .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Force in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-sixth session , under the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations peacekeeping forces in the Middle East ” , the sub-item entitled “ United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon ” . A/56/431 and Corr.1 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	22	These would entail consolidating certain functions within DPI , or in some cases , moving certain functions outside the Department . In keeping with the clear definition of its aspirations , the Department has to consider whether some of the functions it currently undertakes are consistent with its core mission . The place of the Cartographic Section within the Department , for instance , is being reviewed .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	48	That discrepancy should be eliminated . He proposed minor drafting changes to draft guideline 1.1.1 , the wording of which expanded the literal meaning of the definition of reservations under all three Vienna Conventions and even that of draft guideline 1.1 ; however , that expansion was in keeping with State practice in implementation of those Conventions . It appeared from the draft guidelines and the commentary that the Commission was oblivious of the problem of reservations to the treaty as a whole — for example , reservations by which a State claimed the right to denounce a treaty despite the absence of a denunciation clause in the instrument itself .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	33	The very nature of imprisonment necessarily places restrictions on a prisoner 's access to legal documents . In particular , safety and security concerns must be balanced with a prisoner 's desire to keep all of his legal documents in his cell . The governor of Barwon Prison continually reviewed the number of boxes of documents in the author 's cell , to assess its safety and security , as the cell had been identified as a fire risk by the Fire Risk Assessment Officer of the prison .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	58	In the current decade it was imperative that the United Nations and the international community make greater efforts to help the countries and peoples still under colonial rule to decide freely about their political future and become part of the concert of nations . As for the question of Western Sahara , Angola urged the international community to keep on supporting the United Nations Peace Plan . Angola believed that the most appropriate way to reach a peaceful settlement of the conflict in Western Sahara was to create favourable conditions for the Saharan people to exercise their right to self-determination through a popular referendum with international monitoring .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	67	Mr. De Alba ( Mexico ) ( spoke in Spanish ) : Permit me at the outset to introduce the draft decision contained in document A/C.1/60/L.11 , entitled “ United Nations conference to identify ways of eliminating nuclear dangers in the context of nuclear disarmament ” . Submitted by my country , the draft decision , like those submitted in recent years , is aimed primarily at keeping this issue on the agenda . We are convinced that , five years after the Millennium Assembly 's consensus decision to convene such a conference , it remains valid and , I would say , even more necessary than before .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	52	At its 10th meeting , on 23 June 2003 , the Special Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly that the Committee continue to be represented at seminars , meetings and conferences organized by United Nations bodies and other intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations active in the field of decolonization . In keeping with its decision of 12 February 2003 , the Committee would authorize its Chairman to hold consultations , as appropriate , concerning its participation in those meetings , as well as the level of representation , when accepting invitations . In accordance with established practice and on the basis of the principle of rotation , the Chairman would hold consultations with the Bureau members who , in turn , would consult with the members of the Committee from their respective regional groups .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	49	To that end , its Minister for Foreign Affairs participated in the United Nations General Assembly high-level plenary meeting on the New Partnership , held in New York on 16 September 2002 . The Argentine statement expressed full support for the development strategy of the African Union , in keeping with its policy of giving priority to its bilateral relations with the African continent . It also emphasized Argentina 's contributions to Africa in the areas of peacekeeping , humanitarian assistance , good governance and technical cooperation for development .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	30	The Board was concerned that the increase in direct execution might mean that fewer resources were available to develop national capacities through the national execution modality . The Board will keep this matter under review . Table II.2 Comparative biennial support budget expenditure and total expenditure
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	45	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of assistance programmes to the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations decisions relating to decolonization , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly ,
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	21	10 July 2001 The Iranian Air Force brought into use two of the F-1 Mirage aircraft left in Iran for safe keeping . One of them crashed in the Qagh Qandaji area of Mashhad province .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	42	This posed a risk of property losses not being properly accounted for and that disclosures of non-expendable property in the financial statements might not be adequate . The UNEP Regional Office for Asia and the Pacific assured the Board that it had kept a detailed record of office equipment and furniture , although it admitted that a number of group inventory items had not been recorded by ESCAP in the UNEP inventory report pending clarification of the group inventory procedures . The UNEP Regional Office for Asia and the Pacific indicated that instructions for the recording of group inventory items were being finalized and would be implemented as soon as possible .
keep%2:31:00::	keep.v	41	Their secondary hero is another pro , Willie Chisholm , who drank his lunch during another Open and tried to blast his way out of a rock strewn gully . Willie 's partner was Long Jim Barnes , who tried to keep count . `` How many is that , Jim '' ? asked Willie at one stage of his excavation project .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	33	For the most part , peacekeeping operations are in Africa . But if we keep to the traditional role of peacekeeping — that is , carrying out peacekeeping where there is peace to keep — then , I am afraid , certain conflict situations may not be addressed . Take the example of Somalia , where the situation has been bad .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	35	It is essential to ensure that commitments to provide additional resources are implemented without delay . We also believe that debt stock cancellation should be complemented by sharp increases in official development assistance , in keeping with the Monterrey Consensus . The outcome document , in the context of commitments and initiatives aimed at enhancing resources for the development agenda , recognized the progress made on the Innovative Financing Framework for Immunization ( IFFI ) .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	34	It was noted that such indicators would serve as a useful complement to States Parties ' own objectives to assess progress , by the Second Review Conference , in assisting the victims . In keeping with Action # 38 of the Nairobi Action Plan , at least 11 experts with a disability participated in the June 2008 meetings of the Standing Committees , including one who was a member of the delegation of a State Party . In keeping with Action # 39 of the Nairobi Action Plan , 14 of the 26 relevant States Parties included health , rehabilitation , social services or disability professionals in their delegations to the June 2008 meetings of the Standing Committees .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	39	Also requests the Secretary-General to submit to the Council , when it considers the themes for its high-level and coordination segments , information about the functional commissions ' multi-year work programmes ; Encourages the functional commissions to continue to keep their working methods under review ; Urges its functional commissions to further develop opportunities for sharing national experience during annual sessions , in particular with regard to the implementation of conference outcomes , and to allocate an appropriate amount of time for that purpose at their annual sessions ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	89	Noting in particular that the merits of spirulina have been recognized through the adoption of international agreements , namely the Free Agreement for Cooperation in Scientific Research and Humanitarian Use of Micro-alga Spirulina as Food and the Convention for the Use of Food Micro-algae and the Intergovernmental Institution for the Use of Spirulina against Malnutrition , Taking into account that an intergovernmental organization known as “ Convention for the Use of Food Micro-algae and the Intergovernmental Institution for the Use of Spirulina against Malnutrition ” has been established in keeping with the above agreements and has been granted observer status in the work of the Economic and Social Council , in accordance with Council decision 2003/212 of 5 March 2003 , Aiming to encourage greater attention to the production and use of spirulina for the reduction of hunger and poverty and to combat the food crises ,
keep%2:35:10::	keep.v	121	States should follow a plan of action and develop a strategy to implement the decisions , conclusions and recommendations submitted with a view to improving the administration of justice as it affects indigenous peoples . States should ensure that no indigenous person under the age of 18 is treated as an adult without taking into account the circumstances and gravity of his or her offence , that the views of indigenous children are heard and respected in all cases brought before the courts and that the necessary measures ( for example , alternatives such as conditional release ) are taken to reduce considerably the number of indigenous children in detention and to ensure that detention is a last resort and is kept as short as possible . States should also respect the responsibilities , rights and duties of parents , family members and the community in accordance with local customs in order to provide guidance for indigenous children involved in court proceedings , and should take into consideration indigenous peoples ' laws , traditions and customs relating to criminal matters .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	68	See general recommendation No. 29 ( 2002 ) on article 1 , paragraph 1 , ( Descent ) ; general recommendation No. 27 ( 2000 ) on discrimination against Roma ; general recommendation No. 23 ( 1997 ) on the rights of indigenous peoples and general recommendation ; and No. 30 ( 2004 ) on discrimination against non-citizens . Annexes are not part of the report but are kept by the Secretariat and available for consultation . See general recommendation No. 28 ( 2002 ) on the follow-up to the World Conference against Racism , Racial Discrimination , Xenophobia and Related Intolerance .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	61	On 7 April 1998 , he lodged an appeal with the District Court in Zwolle against the failure of IND to take a timely decision on the objection . He withdrew the appeal on 4 June 1998 after IND had promised to expedite its decision , but renewed it by letter , dated 28 August 1998 , because IND had not kept its promise . By decision of 18 November 1998 , the district court ordered IND to decide on the complainant 's application within six weeks .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	57	It was also emphasized that it is often very difficult to determine whether an international organization has treating-making power , as is shown by the complex example of the European Union . According to several members , communications by electronic mail had to be confirmed by another means , i.e. by post , which is usually in keeping with current depositary practice . According to one opinion , however , the use of electronic mail should be prohibited .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	28	In general , no operative distinction is intended between the words “ principles ” and “ guidelines ” . The subject matter of particular paragraphs is more in keeping with one or the other of these expressions , and therefore it is appropriate to retain both . However , no substantive consequence is intended to flow from the use of either term .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	68	The subject of international information security has been the focus of attention of the United Nations for a number of years now . The General Assembly 's adoption by consensus of resolutions 53/70 , 54/49 , 55/28 and 56/19 reflect not only a recognition by the countries of the world of the existence of this problem , but also a broad understanding of the importance of continuing to keep it under consideration in a multilateral format . The report of the Secretary-General , entitled “ Developments in the field of information and telecommunications in the context of international security ” , contained in documents A/57/166 and A/57/166/Add.1 , contains a number of new national viewpoints and assessments that are an important addition to the views and viewpoints that had been sent in earlier by Member States .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	55	Welcomes , in this regard , the accession by New Caledonia to the status of observer in the Pacific Islands Forum , continuing high-level visits to New Caledonia by delegations from countries of the Pacific region and high-level visits by delegations from New Caledonia to countries members of the Pacific Islands Forum ; Decides to keep under continuous review the process unfolding in New Caledonia as a result of the signing of the Nouméa Accord ; Requests the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples to continue to examine the question of the Non-Self-Governing Territory of New Caledonia and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	32	Otherwise , you may be saddled with a good size milk bill by milk drinkers . Keep the retirement age flexible so skilled craftsmen such as tool and die makers can be kept on the job for the convenience of the company . And so deadheads on the payroll can be eased out at the earliest possible age .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	87	In this respect , in July 2002 , the United Nations Human Rights Committee rejected a claim lodged by an association of voters in New Caledonia alleging that their exclusion from the voter registry for a future referendum was discriminatory and that the cut-off dates for voters were excessive . The Committee ruled that this was not a violation of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights because the cut-off dates set for referendums from 2014 onwards were not excessive “ inasmuch as they are in keeping with the nature and purpose of these ballots , namely a self-determination process involving the participation of persons able to prove sufficiently strong ties to the territory whose future is being decided ” .3 The new governmental structure
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	27	Cuba supported the principles underlying UNIDO 's new cooperation modalities . It particularly welcomed the fact that programmes were based on priorities established by Governments , in keeping with national development strategies , and that programmes took local and national particularities and differing situations into account and avoided conditionality , whether in relation to domestic economic policies or the areas on which the cooperative effort focused . Cuba also appreciated the attempt to ensure that programmes had a definite economic and social impact .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	87	Achieving peace is the only way to restore stability to the region , stop the bloodshed in Palestine and promote a spirit of moderation . The Arab Peace Initiative , adopted by the Beirut Summit in 2002 , reaffirmed that peace is the strategic choice of the Arab people , in the framework of the faithful implementation of the relevant international resolutions , which would allow the Arabs to recover their land and Arab prisoners and Palestinian refugees to return to their homes and homeland , in keeping with the provisions of resolution 194 ( III ) . Mr. Kittikhoun ( Lao People 's Democratic Republic ) : At the outset , on behalf of the delegation of the Lao People 's Democratic Republic , I would like to express our appreciation to the Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian people for its report ( A/61/35 ) , which provides useful recommendations for the solution to the question of Palestine .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	41	The General Assembly , Decides to review the position at the end of 2003 and , depending on the status of contributions and arrears , to determine all appropriate measures to remedy the situation , including adjustments of the ceiling in keeping with resolution 52/215 ; Stresses that the reduction of the maximum assessment rate referred to in section B , paragraph 1 above , shall apply to the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations and should have no automatic implication for the apportionment of the expenses of the specialized agencies or the International Atomic Energy Agency .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	47	Moreover , given the recent increase in peacekeeping missions and the corresponding rise in budgetary requirements , a number of Member States are facing requests for supplementary information from their respective national parliaments . It could become difficult , cautioned a participant , for non-Council members to keep up increasing payment requirements if access to information from the Security Council is not improved , and the Working Group could be helpful in this regard . Agencies , experts and non-governmental organizations
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	24	The Government still owed arrears of salaries to civil servants . Guinea-Bissau was committed to paying its contributions to the United Nations and would keep the issue of multi-year payment plans under continuous consideration . The Committee was provided with information by the Secretariat concerning the country 's situation .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	56	In view of the special nature of assessments and the requirements of the United Nations system accounting standards , the Board is of the view that financial reporting could be improved if a provision were made in accounts to give recognition for delays in the collection of outstanding contributions . The Board recommends that the Organization keep under review the question of the accounting treatment of uncollected assessed contributions . End-of-service and post-retirement liabilities
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	50	Organization of work In section II , paragraph 5 , of its resolution 56/242 , the General Assembly welcomed the improved participation of observers in the work of the Committee on Conferences , the changes in the procedure governing the participation of observers and the decision of the Committee to keep this procedure under review . Adoption of the report
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	131	Commends the important role the Special Rapporteur has played towards the elimination of extrajudicial , summary or arbitrary executions and encourages the Special Rapporteur to continue , within the framework of the mandate , to collect information from all concerned , to respond effectively to information that comes before her or him , to follow up on communications and country visits and to seek the views and comments of Governments and to reflect them , as appropriate , in the elaboration of her or his reports ; Strongly urges all States to cooperate with and assist the Special Rapporteur so that her or his mandate may be carried out effectively , including , where appropriate , by issuing invitations to the Special Rapporteur when she or he so requests , in keeping with the usual terms of reference for missions by special rapporteurs of the Commission , and to respond to the communications transmitted to them by the Special Rapporteur ; Expresses its appreciation to those States that have invited the Special Rapporteur to visit their countries , asks them to examine carefully the recommendations made by the Special Rapporteur , invites them to report to the Special Rapporteur on the actions taken on those recommendations and requests other States , including those mentioned in the report of the Special Rapporteur , to cooperate in a similar way ;
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	78	I recall that , pursuant to Security Council resolution 1483 ( 2003 ) , 3 , 009 contracts , with associated letters of credit with an approximate value of $ 8 billion , were considered essential for the reconstruction and/or humanitarian needs of the Iraqi people and were , therefore , prioritized . I should also recall that accordingly the corresponding collateral for the full value of the letters of credit ( approximately $ 8 billion ) was kept in the United Nations Iraq Account . Following the termination of the programme on 21 November 2003 , pursuant to Security Council resolution 1483 ( 2003 ) , the United Nations retained the administration of the above-mentioned 3 , 009 letters of credit .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	17	( a ) Interpret speeches made at meetings ; ( b ) Make and arrange for the keeping of sound recordings of meetings ; ( c ) Receive , translate and circulate the documents of the Conference ;
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	51	However , while this form for routine medical examinations existed , the delegation observed that it was only sporadically used and medical examinations were most commonly carried out only at the request of the detainees . The SPT considers that routine medical examination upon arrival of a prisoner and good record keeping are important tools in the prevention of torture and ill-treatment . It is equally important for the assessment of the prisoner 's needs for medical care .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	40	However , the assistance to be provided by one State to another on any aspect of the implementation of resolution 1373 ( 2001 ) is a matter for agreement between them . The Counter-Terrorism Committee would be grateful to be kept informed of any such arrangements and on their outcome . Attention has also been devoted to profiting from the technical assistance provided by the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank in connection with technological matters , legislative and legal issues and training programmes and courses , namely :
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	25	The General Assembly authorized the Committee to spare no effort in promoting the implementation of the Assembly 's recommendations . It requested the Committee to keep the situation relating to the question of Palestine under review ; to report and make suggestions to the Assembly or the Security Council , as appropriate ; and to promote the dissemination of information on its recommendations through non-governmental organizations and other appropriate means . Over time , the Assembly has gradually expanded the Committee 's mandate to include new activities .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	94	Encompass all aspects of the Bali Action Plan in a balanced manner ; Not attribute ideas and proposals to their sources ; Be drafted in language that does not prejudge the form of the agreed outcome ; Be made available by the secretariat in a timely manner , preferably two weeks in advance of the sessions to which they are submitted . Bearing in mind paragraph 3 of the Bali Action Plan and the conclusions on its work programme for 2009 reached at its third session , 10 the AWG-LCA requested its Chair to keep the need for additional meeting time in 2009 under review in consultation with Parties , the Bureau of the COP and the Executive Secretary , and to propose any action that might need to be taken by the AWG-LCA in a manner that would ensure the effective participation of all Parties , in particular developing country Parties . ( Agenda item 5 )
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	35	In addition , the employer is now obliged to submit monthly reports to the Employment Service 's payments division about payment of wages for every foreign worker he employs . He is also required to keep a copy of the medical insurance , wage slips and a register of each worker 's hours of work and rest at the place of work . In July 2000 , four sets of regulations under the amended law came into force .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	31	The equal participation of women at all levels of decision-making and implementation is essential for success . We acknowledge and appreciate the comprehensive efforts of the United Nations to make , keep and build peace in the region through various missions , special and personal representatives and envoys of the Secretary-General . Norway will continue to support the process of making the United Nations more efficient and effective in planning and conducting complex peace operations .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	17	`` I should think so '' , Eugenia said . `` For one thing you can stop keeping that child in starched dresses and changed from the skin out nineteen times a day '' . `` She 's so beautiful , and I do like to keep her looking nice '' .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	40	However , it was available in the conference room and would also be available during the Committee 's informal consultations . Mr. Mselle ( Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions ) said that it was in keeping with established practice that the Chairman of the Advisory Committee should issue an oral report , which would subsequently be issued as an official document of the General Assembly . In the interim , the Committee would refer to the report by quoting the summary record of the meeting concerned .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	59	In that connection , we wish to point out that Tunisia does not possess or produce missiles of any type . As a matter of course , it supports a ban on the production and development of such weapons and thus also on the creation of mechanisms to monitor the production and use of rockets for peaceful purposes in keeping with the efforts being made for disarmament at the international level . First session ( first and second resumptions )
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	54	In observance of World AIDS Day , a special event , organized by the United Nations Department of Public Information ( DPI ) and the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS ( UNAIDS ) , will take place on Friday , 1 December 2000 , at 10 a.m. in Conference Room 4 . In keeping with the theme `` AIDS : Men Make a Difference '' , designated by UNAIDS for its World AIDS Campaign , there will be a discussion on changes in male attitudes and behaviours that could halt the spread of AIDS . The event , moderated by Riz Khan , CNN International , is co-sponsored by the Department of Information , UNAIDS , the United Nations Children 's Fund ( UNICEF ) , the United Nations Population Fund ( UNFPA ) and LoveLife/The Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation , in cooperation with the United Nations Development Programme ( UNDP ) .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	52	Such support will have to continue not only for 12 months , but for many more . During that period , I am confident that the actions of the Government of Haiti will make progress in such a way as to enable the Security Council to change the Mission 's configuration in keeping with that progress . I would like to give one clear example .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	46	30 ( f ) ) . The secretariat therefore intends to begin identifying the relevant think tanks in consultation with member States and formally launch the establishment of a global network of development think tanks at UNCTAD XII . As a knowledge-based organization , UNCTAD should keep up with the current economic and development debate and ensure that its research and analysis work and intergovernmental discussions are based on credible data and well-researched analysis . This calls for a closer working relationship with eminent personalities in the economic and development field .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	45	Female personnel attend the same armed forces ' management development programmes as male personnel and are also entitled to be enrolled in special programmes to increase the appointment of women to higher ranks . Norway has introduced specific targets with the objective of recruiting and keeping women in the armed forces and the military , namely , 7 per cent female officers and enlisted personnel by the year 2005 ; 13 per cent women , civilian and military , in leading positions by the year 2001 ; and 40 per cent civilian women among certain groups of defence force personnel . Norway also completed an armed forces personnel policy in June 1999 along with an action plan to achieve the objectives of the policy .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	30	The resolution adopted by the Commission on Science and Technology for Development on the subject takes note of the report of the working group . The Commission will continue to keep the Council abreast of developments in this regard , as the importance of science and technology cuts across the work of several commissions . Coordination among commissions
keep%2:31:00::	keep.v	43	A summary of these communications and of the replies received is annexed to the present report ( annex 1 ) . The Special Rapporteur continued to compile information on the human rights situation of indigenous peoples in different parts of the world , kept track of relevant developments in the United Nations system , and participated in national and international expert seminars , technical advisory missions and other activities having a direct bearing on his mandate . Special mention should be made of activities in Asian countries ( Cambodia , Nepal , the Philippines ) organized by the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights and by diverse indigenous civil-society organizations .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	52	He wished to reiterate that the effects of reservations themselves and of all declarations relating to reservations would be discussed comprehensively in the fourth part of the Guide to Practice . With regard to draft guideline 2.9.3 , he noted that most members who had spoken about it were in favour of keeping the second paragraph ; the whole text would , of course , be referred to the Drafting Committee . Most members were also in favour of referring draft guidelines 2.9.4 to 2.9.7 to the Drafting Committee .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	34	As a result , I would just like to signal a few aspects of the report of particular interest to my country . First , the extraordinary contribution that peace operations have made in keeping and building peace in several regions in the world , particularly in Africa . For our part , we fully appreciate the presence of the United Nations Verification Mission in Guatemala , and we take due note of and agree with the statement by the Secretary-General contained in paragraph 65 of the report .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	19	`` Everybody knows I'm just a harmless , deaf old man who takes to drink . I aim to keep a little whisky still back in the ridge for my pleasure '' . `` Whisky still , my foot '' , said Joel .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	31	Alas , events have confirmed these fears . Foreseeing an uncertain future , the leaders of the OPs are starting to record their confessions on cassettes that are placed in safe keeping … and they are letting this be known . Other signs of collapse : in reaction to the murder on 22 September 2003 of the OP leader Amiot Métayer , his supporters , who made up the notorious “ Cannibal Army ” , have transformed it into the Front de résistance des Gonaïves pour le renversement de Jean Bertrand Aristide .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	57	In any case , today an opportunity has opened up , one that we should all make use of . Thanks in great measure to the efforts of the Special Adviser to the Secretary-General , Mr. Brahimi , on 1 July 2004 the interim Government of Iraq will regain the exercise of sovereignty , which , in keeping with the text of the resolution that we just adopted , should be understood in the broadest way possible — full authority to take all decisions considered relevant to all areas of governance . In that spirit , my Government declares its willingness to cooperate with the new Iraqi Government .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	26	E. Financing for women 's organizations Women 's organizations and networks play an important role in advocating for gender equality and the empowerment of women ; keeping critical issues in the national agenda ; and promoting accountability for , and monitoring implementation of , commitments made on gender equality at national and global levels . These organizations and networks receive funding from a variety of sources , including Governments , bilateral/multilateral agencies , private foundations , international non-governmental organizations and individuals .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	51	Ms. Schöpp-Schilling welcomed the information regarding the indigenous people 's right , pursuant to article 149 of the Constitution , to observe customary law provided that that did not violate fundamental human rights . She nevertheless enquired whether the indigenous people 's view of equitable gender relations was in fact in keeping with the provisions of the Constitution and the Convention . Ms. Shin asked what measures were being taken to rehabilitate women who had suffered in previous decades at the hands of the Sendero Luminoso insurgency .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	24	Registering and checking functions are mainly conducted through SISCOMEX . Brazilian Customs , in coordination with the Army Command , relies upon SISCOMEX to keep records and ensure the fulfilment of Goods declaration and supporting documents relating to firearms prior to the import and export movement of goods . SISCOMEX has been one of the first worldwide systems to integrate Customs controls at seaports , airports and land borders , allowing for the computerized collection of taxes. The system has been operating since 1994 for exports and since 1997 for imports .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	46	There was nothing in the statements we heard from Palestine and Israel this afternoon to indicate that the parties themselves will be able to bring violence to an end without outside help . The Security Council has an essential role to play and should continue to keep the situation under close observation . Ms. Durrant ( Jamaica ) : My delegation wishes to thank you , Mr. President , for convening this open meeting to discuss the situation in the Middle East , including the Palestinian question .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	26	We must focus our discussions of security on individuals and broaden our approach to human security . To help improve human security , we must also keep promises made concerning development . Proclaiming objectives is not enough ; we must make them realities .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	3	Reporting schedule In keeping with my predecessors ' proposals to submit regular reports for onward transmission to the Security Council , as required by the Council in its resolution 1031 ( 1995 ) , I herewith present my first regular report . Should the Secretary-General or any Security Council member require information at any other time , I should be pleased to provide an additional written update .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	20	Subparagraphs 1 ( c ) and ( d ) What legal provisions exist for the freezing of funds that are kept in the Sudan by persons and entities outside the Sudan ? The Counter-Terrorism Act , 2000 , grants the courts the right , in implementing the Act or any other law , to freeze or confiscate any funds that are determined to be linked to terrorism ( article 18 ) .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	31	Measurement of utilization Unlike the case of intergovernmental and expert bodies , no statistics to track utilization of services by regional and other major groupings of Member States have ever been kept , so there is no record of what resources may have been wasted in the past as a result of cancellations , late starts and early endings when services were provided to such groups . When the services are reassigned from a calendar body , that body receives credit for reassignment , which mitigates the impact of cancellation on its utilization factor .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	67	Ms. Chung paid $ 10 , 000 to Ms. Dee as a fee for her services and spent $ 90 , 000 for her personal pleasure ( gambling , wining and dining , etc. ) , purchased bearer securities amounting to $ 500 , 000 from the security company Midmint Securities and kept $ 400 , 000 in cash in her residence . The bearer securities were kept in a safe deposit box at Handyfunds Bank in Youngland . Issues to be discussed relate to the recovery of the proceeds of the fraud from both countries ( i.e. Xanadu and Zeitstaat ) and Youngland ( domestic measures and international cooperation in the control of the proceeds of crime , including freezing , confiscation , civil forfeiture or asset sharing ) for the purpose of restitution to the victims , in addition to the criminal liabilities of all the persons involved .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	23	We have pulled together . We have been able to draw on additional revenues to provide targeted investments in food and fuel to keep our poor afloat until a better day . But we are also realistic and know that we can not do it alone .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	59	The Group did receive answers from one manufacturing country stating that owing to the date of manufacture of the weapons they were not able to assist with the tracing requests . While the Group understands that owing to the date of manufacture records may or may not be available , it is very concerned about the lack of record keeping and the lack of requirements for exporters to provide exporting authorities with the serial numbers of all firearms involved in export transactions . While it is understood that there is additional work involved in correctly identifying firearms and committing serial numbers to an export document , the non-availability of this information deprives the Group as well as other groups investigating embargo violations of key information , especially when dealing with older surplus firearms .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	18	Endorses the Monterrey Consensus as adopted by the Conference on 22 March 2002 ; Stresses the importance of keeping fully engaged , nationally , regionally and internationally , ensuring proper follow-up to the implementation of agreements and commitments reached at the Conference , and continuing to build bridges between development , finance , and trade organizations and initiatives , within the framework of the holistic agenda of the Conference ; Requests the Secretary-General to include in his report to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session on the outcome of the Conference , as mandated in paragraph 3 of its resolution 56/210 A , measures taken as well as his proposals for ensuring effective secretariat support , in pursuance of paragraph 72 of the Monterrey Consensus , building on the innovative and participatory modalities and related coordination arrangements utilized in the preparations of the Conference .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	30	In the following days , police searched houses in the village looking for evidence or perpetrators of the crime . Police action was reported to be restrained and largely in keeping with national law . However , a 24-year-old man , one of four ethnic Albanian men briefly detained by police in connection with the incident , was reportedly beaten during his detention .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	45	We must acknowledge today that it is increasingly clear that the nuclear-non-proliferation regime of the past century is failing . The temporary asymmetry accepted in the 1960s between NPT nuclear and non-nuclear-weapon States has been perpetuated because nuclear disarmament has not been carried out in keeping with the requirements of the NPT . Moreover , there has been a proliferation of more nuclear States ; today we can count perhaps nine such States .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-eighth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Mission in Liberia ” . 79th plenary meeting 23 December 2003
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	44	It called upon all OIC Member States to provide financial assistance to the National Reconciliation Congress to be held in Somalia in mid-June 2007 . The Conference also urged OIC Member States to consider the possibility of providing support and assistance to the peace keeping forces in Somalia . It further decided to commence the establishment of an OIC Liaison Office in Somalia .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	39	“ ( a ) To continue to consult with regional leaders in coordination with the President of the African Union about ways to bring about a peaceful and durable solution to the conflict ; “ ( b ) To keep under review the humanitarian and economic situation in the Democratic Republic of the Congo with a view to promoting participation in and support for a programme of financial and material assistance to the country to enable it to meet urgent needs in terms of economic recovery and reconstruction ; “ ( c ) To submit to the General Assembly at its sixtieth session a report on the actions taken pursuant to the present resolution. ”
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	39	These proposals are contained in annex I to the present report . Referring to articles 32 and 34 , the Chairperson-Rapporteur considered that no consensus was found as to whether or not the word “ collective ” should be kept . He further noted the lack of agreement on the word “ spirituality ” in article 33 .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	49	( j ) Benchmarking of the installation and maintenance costs of spare parts and equipment with other oil industries in the Persian Gulf region supports the proposed expenditure ; ( k ) The Ministry of Oil has advised that , for internal reasons , any cash component must be kept separate in the accounts of the operating companies , and the Ministry of Finance has stipulated that all the accounting functions related to this exercise must be internally recorded in euros ; ( l ) The proposed arrangement is that the funds be initially transferred from the United Nations Iraq escrow account to the Rafidain Bank in Amman and subsequently transferred in euros in monthly instalments to the Ministry of Oil , for transfer to the operating companies in Iraqi dinars against the agreed cash flow requirement ;
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	16	Conclusions and recommendations The Committee recommended that duty stations away from Headquarters be encouraged to begin keeping statistics of requests for servicing of meetings . The Committee took note of the report of the Secretary-General .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	91	( 4 ) The insolvency law may specify the minimum contents of a reorganization plan , taking into account the provisions of other relevant laws . This could include [ statements as to the financial situation of the debtor including asset and liability and cash flow statements ; details of the precise proposals included in the plan ; details of what creditors would receive ( and how that would be more than they would otherwise receive in liquidation ) ; and the basis upon which the business would be able to keep trading and could be successfully reorganized ] . ( 5 ) For the purposes of a reorganization plan , creditors may be divided into classes according to the nature and content of their respective rights .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	52	Australia has contributed a total of some US $ 98 , 000 to the Nuclear Security Fund established by the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) to combat the threat of nuclear terrorism . Australia urges all States to remain closely engaged in the full range of international efforts and to keep an open mind to devising more effective ways to address the new security challenges we face . Canada
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	57	Mr. Simancas ( Mexico ) said that his delegation welcomed Norway 's readiness to make a voluntary contribution to pay for the construction of a fourth courtroom at the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda . At a time when many Member States were experiencing difficulties in paying their assessments , such measures would help the Tribunals to keep to their completion strategies and would assist the administration of justice . Mr. Elji ( Syrian Arab Republic ) , expressing agreement with the concern of the African Group over the recruitment freeze and the scaling-down of the Tribunals ' work , said that his worries were increased by the view of the Advisory Committee that completion strategies would be affected .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	39	The complement of headquarters-based core staff of the various divisions and the Administrative Service is almost filled . As of 31 August , the total number of people holding positions as Professional staff of the Commission is 42. In keeping with the aim of broad geographic representation , the number of nationalities is 20 . Interviews also continued to identify staff who will be recruited for headquarters or put on the roster for use in the field when operations start again .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	82	The Committee on Contributions should review and analyse the elements of the scale methodology in an endeavour to apply the numerous resolutions of the General Assembly ; Member States should assist that Committee with a view to the adoption of a scale of assessments characterized by fairness , transparency and the real capacity to pay of Member States . Mr. Alouan Kanafani ( Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela ) said that the Fifth Committee must strive to develop a methodology that was in keeping with the spirit of the Charter of the United Nations and the rules of procedure of the General Assembly . In particular , the methodology should be governed by the principle of capacity to pay , as set forth in rule 160 of the rules of procedure .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	72	Peacekeeping operations are called to assist when peace is often new and fragile , but they must be part of a longer-term strategy to solidify the foundation of peace , lest we find that , as in Haiti and Liberia , we must return again . To this end , the international community must better integrate the security , political , economic and social levers that it has at its disposal to keep and build peace in the immediate post-conflict period and beyond . All the United Nations departments , agencies and programmes , not just the Department of Peacekeeping Operations , have their part to play in the peacekeeping process .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	62	Combating these terrible scourges requires general mobilization , concerted actions and energetic initiatives on our part to bring about their definitive elimination . In the same vein , we must attach particular importance to the Brahimi report ( A/55/305 ) on United Nations peace operations , whose recommendations set out very appropriate conditions for a better peacekeeping doctrine that is more in keeping with the realities of today 's world . The reform of the Security Council is , in this context , another requirement , and it means transforming that central organ , entrusted with the preservation of international peace and security , into a more representative , democratic , transparent and credible organ .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	60	“ The Security Council and the Secretariat also must be able to win the confidence of troop contributors that the strategy and concept of operations for a new mission are sound. ” ( S/2000/809 , para . We know well that such confidence can be cultivated only through a genuine partnership between the Council which decides on mandates , in keeping with its responsibilities under the Charter , and the troop-contributing countries , which implement these mandates . There are several possible approaches to seeking such a partnership .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	7	Comments of the Board The Board will keep this matter under review . Recommendation 9 ( h )
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	63	Voluntary contributions from Governments , international organizations , individuals , corporations and other entities shall be subject to the approval of the Registrar of the Court , in accordance with the criteria laid down in paragraphs 2 and 3 ; the Registrar shall be responsible for the day-to-day administration of the fund . The voluntary contributions envisaged in paragraph 1 must be in keeping with the goals and activities of the fund . The voluntary contributions envisaged in paragraph 1 may be accepted for a specific project or purpose provided that this does not lead to discrimination with regard to victims or their families that is prohibited under international law .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	43	He then draped him over the rough stand , explained that he was supposed to be recently dead , and was being held on his mother 's lap . The model quite plainly thought Michelangelo crazy ; only the instructions from his rabbi kept him from bolting . But at the end of the sitting , when Michelangelo showed him the quick , free drawings , with the mother roughed in , holding her son , the model grasped what Michelangelo was after , and promised to speak to his friends .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	57	Requests the Secretary-General to present a more detailed explanation of the amounts required for reimbursement of contingent-owned equipment , including the impact of the retroactive application of the new procedures for contingent-owned equipment in the context of the final report on the combined Forces , and to reconsider the question at its fifty-fifth session ; Decides to keep under review the amounts budgeted for provision for reimbursement of contingent-owned equipment ; Decides also to suspend for the immediate future the provisions of financial regulations 4.3 , 4.4 and 5.2 ( d ) in respect of the remaining surplus of 124 , 279 , 327 dollars gross ( 125 , 055 , 670 dollars net ) in order to allow for reimbursements to troop contributors and in the light of the cash shortage of the combined Forces , and requests the Secretary-General to provide an up-dated report in one year ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	54	Laying of mines must be conducted only at military objectives or only against military targets ; Minefields must be fenced and marked ; Civilians must be informed about areas where mines have been laid ; Fences must be destroyed or removed or transferred following changes in troop positions . In this way , in keeping with the requirements of this protocol , when minefield fences are erected , the following provisions must be strictly respected : Laying of mines must be conducted only at military objectives or only against military targets ; Minefields must be fenced and marked ; Civilians must be informed about areas where mines have been laid ; Fences must be destroyed or removed or transferred following changes in troop positions .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	86	Egypt , supported by the Islamic Republic of Iran , said that , in the absence of a provision on reservations , it was understood that States parties had the right to enter reservations to any of the articles of the instrument , in accordance with international jurisprudence and the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties . The Chairperson replied that States parties would have the right to enter reservations at the time of accession , on the understanding that such reservations must be in keeping with international law . In particular , if a reservation related to the substance of the instrument , other States parties could challenge it .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	31	In that regard , I am pleased to announce that the Maldives will this week sign a framework agreement with the International Committee of the Red Cross . We will also keep under consideration the signing of other important instruments , such as the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court . Before concluding , I should like to reaffirm our commitment to the principles enshrined in the Charter .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	74	Add the phrase “ stamp to distinguish from other goods ” after the word “ stow ” in article 14 , paragraph 1 , of the Convention , to read as follows : The carrier shall during the period of its responsibility as defined in article 12 , and subject to article 27 , properly and carefully receive , load , handle , stow , stamp to distinguish from other goods , carry , keep , care for , unload and deliver the goods . Add to the end of article 16 of the draft convention on goods that may become a danger the phrase “ provided that a statement of the reasons having required the carrier to take such measures is made and that no measures less harmful to the goods have been taken by a competent authority. ” Article 1 , paragraph 15 , as it appears in the draft convention states that :
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	26	The Chairman : I do not want us to go back . But if we can thereby advance our work , suppose we go back and keep the “ 2006 ” in the previous paragraphs , as I had recommended . Would we then agree to keep “ 2006 ” in paragraph 10 and also to retain the amendment by the representatives of Armenia , Cuba and Iran ?
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	53	Nuclear-weapon States should be called upon not to share or export nuclear technology or know-how except for peaceful purposes ; to cease to update their own nuclear-weapon systems or produce new weapons ; and to begin to eliminate their own nuclear arsenals within a specific time frame . No nuclear missiles should be kept in a state of preparedness , and all such missiles should be withdrawn from foreign military bases . Negotiations should begin on a treaty on dismantling nuclear weapons and eliminating double standards in nuclear policy .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	28	Article 13 provides an important guarantee for States in terms of claims of responsibility . Its formulation ( “ does not constitute… unless … ” ) is in keeping with the idea of a guarantee against the retrospective application of international law in matters of State responsibility . ( 2 ) International tribunals have applied the principle stated in article 13 in many cases .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	15	The Advisory Committee should report orally to the Committee only in exceptional cases . In keeping with the rules of procedure of the General Assembly , reports should otherwise be submitted in advance and in all official languages , even if the Committee 's discussions must be extended in order to accommodate that requirement . The meeting rose at 12.05 p.m .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	40	However , following the events of May 2000 , an estimated 6 , 000 to 8 , 000 persons lost their jobs . Many businesses , especially hotels and retailers , cut working hours by as much as half while keeping employees technically “ employed ” . The extent of the actual level of lost income was far greater than that measured by official work and income loss figures .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	38	The Working Group regarded that conference as an important step toward implementation of the Plan of Action for the Second International Decade for the Eradication of Colonialism . The Constitutional Working Group felt that its efforts were in keeping with the Committee 's goal to eradicate colonialism by 2010 . It felt encouraged by the Committee 's commitment to further develop the process begun in Anguilla through cooperation with the United Kingdom and the territories to achieve an acceptable solution that took into account both the aspirations of the people and the concerns of the administering Power .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	40	The Subcommittee also considered that the work on carcinogenicity potency estimation and on the amendment of the classification criteria for toxic to reproduction substances to consider cut-off levels related to relative potency of chemicals should be discontinued . The Subcommittee kept under review progress made in the implementation of the GHS on the basis of reports submitted by its members and participating intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations . The Subcommittee continued cooperation with treaty bodies established under international conventions concerning chemical safety to promote the implementation of the GHS through such conventions ( see also para. 24 above ) .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	34	Through international cooperation , effectively coordinated and implemented , we can get the most out of limited resources . Through the leadership of the United Nations , we can move forward collectively , in keeping with common standards . Through the moral suasion of the United Nations , we can make the Ottawa Convention the standard of universality and comprehensiveness necessary for the total eradication of the scourge of landmines .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	85	To call for the holding of the conference on Iraqi national accord provided for by the preparatory meeting held by the League of Arab States in November 2005 ; to continue the preparatory work for the conference until it is convened , within a period of not more than four months ; to coordinate for that purpose with the Iraqi Government in consultation with the various Iraqi forces ; and to request the Secretary-General to pursue the necessary contacts with the Iraqi parties ; To keep the meeting of the Ministerial Committee on Iraq open to permit follow-up of developments in Iraq , with the understanding that its next meeting will be held in Baghdad or another city proposed by the Iraqi Government . Substantive session of 2006
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	75	Continuous attention is given by the International Association of European Average Adjusters to action against corruption and bribery in international commercial transactions and to the prevention of corrupt practices and illegal transfer of funds . Indeed , the objects of AIDE , as defined in article 1 of its Statutes are : study and unification of the laws , rules , usages and customs of general average ; the promotion of the profession ; the keeping of good professional traditions . Moreover , article 5 of AIDE 's Statutes concerning the dismissal of members provides that , in the countries where there is a national association , the dismissal of members from that association results automatically in dismissal as members of the International Association .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	43	It requested further clarification on how the Government intended to strengthen the position of women and enable them to pursue advancement . It recommended that the country continue efforts to strengthen and protect human rights in accordance with international standards that are in keeping with cultural values of the Emirati people , and continue to refuse to apply any standards or principles that are outside agreed upon international human rights principles and standards , including any attempt to impose foreign values and customs on the Emirati people . Saudi Arabia commended the inclusion of human rights principles in the Constitution and national laws , the ratification of core international human rights instruments and the creation , in 1998 , of a ministerial commission in charge of civil liberties and human rights .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	44	Similarly , my delegation supports the role played by the General Assembly in the matter , since we feel that it is a juridical matter that falls under its jurisdiction . We reaffirm our commitment to working to strengthen the General Assembly , in keeping with the decision of the heads of State and Government adopted at the Millennium Summit . Mr. Tow ( Singapore ) : Singapore is sympathetic to the desire of the people of Kosovo for control over their own destiny .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	68	Even at this late stage , we would like to send out an appeal insisting that the destruction of the incomparable manifestations of the shared cultural heritage of mankind must stop . If the Taliban do not wish to retain this inheritance , our Government has announced that we would be happy to arrange for the transfer of all these artefacts to India , where they would be kept safely and preserved for all mankind , in the full knowledge and clear understanding that they are , in the first place and above all , treasures of the Afghan people themselves . Mr. Estévez-López ( Guatemala ) ( spoke in Spanish ) : My Government feels deep and special concern over the situation that the draft resolution before us , of which we have the honour of being one of the sponsors , seeks to correct , or at least to attenuate .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	34	Recently , Israeli authorities only authorized sporadic use of the Nahal Oz energy pipeline , the only fuel line of supply . Every day , 18 , 000 litres of fuel were needed to keep generators operational ; maintenance of equipment and replacement of spare parts were becoming problematic . The pipe network for water and sewage was damaged or destroyed in various places of the Gaza Strip .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	59	Furthermore , this article is inconsistent with international rules on responsibility during unloading , carriage or loading . The carrier shall during the period of its responsibility as defined in article 12 , and subject to article 27 , properly and carefully receive , load , handle , stow , stamp to distinguish from other goods , carry , keep , care for , unload and deliver the goods . Article 14 : The text of paragraph 2 should be amended to read : The carrier or the shipper may agree that … .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	24	Despite all efforts made , it is a persisting phenomena , which is aggravated by social-economic problems . A very difficult task is to keep domestic violence under control , because often , resort bodies get involved only in cases with severe consequences , others being categorized as ordinary domestic conflicts . Data on family offences committed during 2002 shows that , as a result of family conflicts , 105 offences were committed ( 71 in 12 months of 2001 ) , including 71 deliberate murders and 34 cases of severe body injuries , with 34 more homicides as compared to the similar period of the previous year .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	43	Mr. RAO ( India ) supported the proposals of the representative of Mexico . Ms. RAMIS-PLUM ( France ) suggested that the existing wording of operative subparagraph ( a ) up to the words “ the next General Conference in 2005 ” be kept and that the last part of the paragraph be replaced by a reference to the strengthening of the consultative process between Member States , management and staff . Ms. LORIA ( Italy ) , speaking on behalf of the European Union , expressed support for the suggestion made by the representative of France .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	36	But we have to work to live up to the commitments we made . There is one thing that we teach our children : that a deal is a deal ; that promises have to be kept . As every educator knows , what really matters is not what we say but how we ourselves actually act. As far as living up to commitments is concerned , I feel that the process of this session is embarrassing to us adults .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	52	Regarding article 42 , paragraph 4 , this provision was described as redundant because of article 4 , paragraph 1 . In contrast , the view was expressed that article 4 did not cover the cases referred to in article 42 , paragraph 4 , and it would therefore be wise to keep the latter provision or broaden the scope of article 4 . ( e ) Other legal consequences under customary international law ( art .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	80	In response to the concerns regarding duplication , a governmental representative and an indigenous representative proposed removing from the first part of the article the terms that were already contained in the first sentence of article 4 , so that article 21 would begin as follows : “ Indigenous peoples have the right to be secure in the enjoyment of their own means of subsistence and development …. ” The Chairperson-Rapporteur determined from the discussion that most participants wanted to keep article 21 , but that there was still room for improvement and clarification . He noted the comments made by many representatives that the essential provisions of the article were not contained in other articles , and that article 21 should therefore be maintained .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	40	Within the United Nations system , the Security Council was established to deal with threats to peace and security in the world . For over half a century , world leaders have been using the Council to make peace , keep peace and enforce peace agreements following both internal conflicts within countries and conflicts between countries . Considerable experience has been obtained in peacemaking activities through the United Nations , and some standardization has been reached in process and logistic areas .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	26	It is evident that the United Nations has been working in all those areas of common interest to humanity . It is a major player in keeping peace and promoting security in the world . Although its resources for development are fairly limited , the United Nations has been playing a catalytic role in that vital realm as well .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	28	Partnerships combine the resources and expertise to achieve objectives that no partner can reach alone . The policies and collective actions of various Governments are also crucial to keep the great promises of the Global Fund to Fight AIDS , Tuberculosis and Malaria . I am convinced that we shall leave this meeting with new solutions to increasing and improving the cooperation that is so essential for the eradication of HIV/AIDS .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	50	People tend , however , to overlook the obvious point that much of the evidence comes from archives ” . He emphasizes the fundamental role of oppressive regimes ' archives as political , legal , historical and testamentary sources , and the need for action to ensure that they are kept , handled and used in secure conditions . The topics of the preservation of and access to archives bearing witness to violations are also broached in the set of principles ( principles 14-18 ) .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	32	In 2004 , considerable resources were invested in stepping up the quality and breadth of the product offer , bringing the UNICEF collections to a higher level . The plan is to keep the same standards in 2005 and beyond . To maintain its leadership , UNICEF will continue to focus on the areas described below .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	41	The proposed amendments to the 1989 Convention as contained in paragraph 47 of the last Special Rapporteur 's report was based on the same structure used in articles 1 , 2 and 3 of the 1989 Convention . The decision to keep to this format was based on the consideration that it was good to improve the basic model , but not to disregard it . It was not intended to affect the definition , status or treatment of mercenaries under international humanitarian law .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	57	It could take the form of two sessions of 10 working days each , so as to adapt the expert body to the new organization of work of the HRC . The present intersessional WGs , as well as the Working Group on Minorities and the Social Forum ( provided that the Council accepts the proposal to keep them with their present mandates ) , would meet during different months so as to ensure that OHCHR has the capacity to provide the necessary logistical support for the proper discharge of their respective mandates . Sessional WGs , if any , will not meet during the same hours as the plenary of HRCC .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	66	Acting under Chapter VII of the Charter of the United Nations , Reaffirms once again its support for the Peace Agreement , as well as for the Dayton Agreement on implementing the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina of 10 November 1995 ( S/1995/1021 , annex ) , calls upon the parties to comply strictly with their obligations under those Agreements , and expresses its intention to keep the implementation of the Peace Agreement , and the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina , under review ; Expresses its support for the declarations of the Ministerial meetings of the Peace Implementation Conference ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	17	Drawing up the bill on the protection of motherhood ; Ensuring observance of the social rights in keeping with the provisions of the revised European Social Charter . From these measures the main part was already fulfilled , as such :
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	65	It aimed to reduce drug demand and cut off illegal drug supplies through cooperation at national and international levels . International law enforcement authorities should examine how to strengthen international cooperation in criminal justice , mutual assistance and extradition , in order to deal with new criminal developments including cybercrime and money-laundering , and the United Nations should continue efforts to establish international norms to keep pace with emerging criminal trends . Mr. Dall'oglio ( Permanent Observer for the International Organization for Migration ( IOM ) ) said that IOM provided ways of conducting dialogue between States and achieving more harmonized approaches to reducing transnational organized crime connected with migration .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	37	Although the mission dealt primarily with the Great Lakes conflict , we had a chance to speak briefly with President Museveni about the conflict in northern Uganda and the ensuing humanitarian crisis there . The Council should keep the conflict on its agenda and encourage peaceful solutions . We welcome any attempt on the part of the Ugandan Government to enter into a dialogue with the Lord 's Resistance Army leadership .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	54	We would underline the fact that such a mechanism , as necessary as it is , should not be too complicated and place an unnecessary burden on Governments , which face severe capacity constraints . It must also be evident that the responsibilities of all sides in any monitoring tool are balanced and in keeping with the essence of the global partnership for development . Fifthly , as has also been very aptly stated in the conclusion of the report of the Peacebuilding Commission , the biggest challenge is how to implement peacebuilding strategies in the field in a concrete manner .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	53	However , 4 requesting States Parties did not submit their requests until some time much later than March 2008 . The decisions of the 7MSP state that “ the President , upon receipt of an extension request , should inform the States Parties of its lodgment and make it openly available , in keeping with the Convention 's practice of transparency. ” On 4 April , the President wrote to all States Parties to inform them of the requests that had been received and instructed the ISU to make these requests available on the Convention 's web site . The President subsequently kept the States Parties informed of additional requests or revised requests received and ensured that these were available on the Convention 's web site .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	47	We must take specific and effective measures and honour our commitments in a framework of joint responsibility , which is the basis for attaining the MDGs . In that regard , I wish to point out that Spain is keeping its promises and is ready to continue keeping them until 2015 . Mr. Almansoor ( Bahrain ) ( spoke in Arabic ) : Allow me to thank the President of the General Assembly for his tireless efforts in the service of the States Members of the United Nations .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	42	An immense tragedy was looming in Afghanistan . The number of Afghans dependent on international food aid had increased to over 7 million since the events of 11 September ; 50 , 000 tons of food aid a month were needed to keep them alive . The bombing should cease immediately so that food being stockpiled could be transported to those in need .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	31	The complicated procedure for processing documents for creating dekhkan ( individual ) farms is slowing progress in the conversion of State agricultural enterprises into individual dekhkan farms . The documents are kept with the manager. For that reason , many members of such farms , the majority of whom are women , do not know that they have a legal right to obtain a plot if they leave the collective farm . Local executive bodies of State authority have considerable power in allocating land plots and in refusing to do so. The leaders of kolkhozes and dekhkan farms and foremen have a great deal of influence on the formulation of the principles of land use. In most cases , they are men .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	42	In particular , the necessary reinforcement of safeguards will probably entail additional expenditures during its initial phase . It would preferable for that financing to be carried out from the regular budget and for each State to make an equitable contribution in keeping with its means but without any excessive discount to such activities , which are in the interests of all . The European Union notes that it attaches fundamental importance to the content of IAEA programmes , for which it pays approximately 34 per cent of the regular budget .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	51	Ethiopia is firmly convinced that the carrying out of that task , notwithstanding the feigned frustration of Eritrea , is a matter which should cause no major hurdle if there is political will on the part of both parties . Ethiopia has such a will and it has no interest in keeping the crisis between the two countries going . That is why we came up with the five-point peace proposal more than a year ago , which was welcomed by the international community , including by the Security Council .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	9	Subject Comprehensive review of the whole question of peace- keeping operations in all their aspects The next meeting of the Technical Subgroup of the Ad Hoc Open-ended Working Group on Informatics , under the chairmanship of H.E. Mr. Percy Metsing Mangoaela ( Lesotho ) will be held today , 25 September 2001 , at 10 a.m. sharp , in Conference Room 8 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	31	We also note with appreciation the importance the Secretary-General has attached to coordination with the humanitarian community , as well as on civil-military coordination . A mission that is planned in keeping with the elements contained in relevant Council resolutions and presidential statements - including those relating to the protection of civilians and the disarmament , demobilization and reintegration process - will certainly mark a significant improvement in United Nations peacekeeping . Of particular importance is the coordination with the Organization of African Unity ( OAU ) , which is a guarantor of the Agreement on Cessation of Hostilities .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	68	- calling on all States not party to the NPT to pledge commitments to non-proliferation and disarmament and calling on those States to become States Parties to the NPT as non-nuclear weapon States ; - calling on all States in the region to make the Middle East into an effectively verifiable zone free of nuclear weapons and other weapons of mass destruction and their delivery systems , in keeping with the Resolution on the Middle East adopted at the 1995 Review and Extension Conference ; - since security in Europe is linked to security in the Mediterranean , giving top priority to implementation of the nuclear non-proliferation regime in that region ;
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	96	Agencies need to do more individually and together through such concrete opportunities as global initiatives like the Global Coalition on Women and AIDS and the Global Partners Forum on Orphans and Vulnerable Children ; through efforts to strengthen the United Nations response to HIV/AIDS ; and through United Nations reform and the TCPR . The important links between the issues of affected children and women were highlighted , emphasizing that in particular , vulnerable children need access to sexual and reproductive health and rights in order to break the cycle of HIV transmission. Primary prevention and keeping parents alive are two of the most important strategies for reducing the vulnerability of children affected by HIV/AIDS. Tackling gender-based violence must be a key component of prevention strategies . Speakers said that as a priority , the concerns of women and children made vulnerable by HIV/AIDS must be integrated into national development instruments such as PRSPs and national HIV/AIDS plans , as a priority. But at the same time , attention and support to the community level must increase , with an eye to strengthening community capacities to cope with the impacts of the pandemic. This included channelling resources to communities and tracking resources to ensure accountability .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	24	They nevertheless continued to maintain close relations . On 7 February 1991 , the Laubmaiers stated in writing to the author their will to keep the adoption contract of July 1990 despite its cancellation by the notary , thus reinstating the adoption as stipulated in this contract ; again , no court approval was sought . In October 1992 , the Laubmaiers allegedly drafted a letter declaring that they wanted to revoke the adoption , but they did not give legal effect to this letter , and the parent-child relationship continued until the Laubmaiers ' deaths in 1994 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	153	Trinidad and Tobago 's broad policy with respect to children envisages , inter alia , the following : providing quality education at the primary , secondary , vocational and tertiary levels starting from early childhood ; ensuring access to training with a view to promoting sustainable employment ; promoting the protection of children 's rights ; fostering youth leadership and participation in community activities and national decision-making ; and increasing awareness of health issues such as HIV/AIDS . Since the adoption of the World Declaration on the Survival , Protection and Development of Children at the World Summit for Children , held in 1990 , to which Trinidad and Tobago fully subscribes , and in the context of our subsequent adherence to the Convention on the Rights of the Child , various civil society organizations in Trinidad and Tobago have been striving individually and collectively to formulate , introduce and implement measures in keeping with the aforementioned international policy instruments , to protect and develop the children of Trinidad and Tobago and to promote their best interests . For its part , Government has provided a facilitative environment and has sought to foster collaboration at all levels of society to take into consideration the relevant input of all stakeholders .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	38	As most representatives probably know , exactly one year has passed since Thailand moved to address the unprecedented political paralysis in our democratic system . I wish to take this opportunity to assure our friends that we are keeping to the timeline for the revitalization of parliamentary democracy , with general elections scheduled for 23 December 2007 . Exactly 10 years ago , Thailand suffered from a deep crisis of a different nature .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	81	In 2005 and 2006 , OHCHR provided support to a working group of government , parliamentary , academic and civil society representatives in Uruguay , in the preparation of a draft law to establish a National Human Rights Institution ( NHRI ) for the country , in compliance with the Paris Principles . In September 2008 , UNDP and OHCHR organized a workshop on the establishment of a NHRI , which highlighted the importance of ensuring that the draft law is kept in accordance with the Paris Principles during deliberations in the Congress and Senate . OHCHR also supported Uruguay in the development of its national action plan to combat discrimination ; reporting to treaty bodies and following up on their recommendations ; strengthening the role of Parliament as part of the national human rights protection system ; and mainstreaming human rights into Government and United Nations Country Team programmes .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	67	“ The Security Council recognizes and commends the important role played by the Representative of the Secretary-General and the staff of the United Nations Peacebuilding Support Office in Guinea-Bissau ( UNOGBIS ) , as well as the United Nations country team , towards helping consolidate peace , democracy and the rule of law , and expresses its appreciation for the activities . “ The Security Council will keep the situation in Guinea-Bissau under active review. ” This statement will be issued as a document of the Security Council under the symbol S/PRST/2007/38 .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	47	The Working Group considered proposed new paragraph ( 1 bis ) on delivery of notices by electronic means , as contained in document A/CN.9/WG.II/WP.145 . Support was expressed for the view that the proposed new paragraph should include a reference to traditional ways of delivering notices , keeping in mind the importance of effectiveness of delivery , the necessity to keep a record of the issuance and receipt of notices , and the consent of the parties to the means of communication used . A proposal was made to add a provision along the following lines : “ delivery pursuant to paragraph 1 may be made by facsimile , telex , e-mail or any other means of communication that provides a durable record of dispatch and receipt ” .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	36	It puts the safety of their neighbours and their own citizens at doubt . It threatens the international legal norms that our predecessors in this body and elsewhere worked painstakingly to build and that have helped keep the world safer for decades . It has also encouraged an international black market willing and able to put the most dangerous technologies in the hands of the world 's most irresponsible regimes and individuals including terrorists .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	50	Ms. Riess ( Germany ) welcomed the establishment of the United Nations SPIDER programme , which would become a key initiative for applying space technologies to the sustainable development of developing countries and to reducing the impact of disasters . That programme did not duplicate other initiatives and was in keeping with the spirit of other international efforts such as the Global Earth Observation System of Systems ( GEOSS ) , the International Charter “ Space and Major Disasters ” and the International Strategy for Disaster Reduction . Her Government would fund the SPIDER office in Bonn in the amount of $ 215 , 000 per year in addition to providing infrastructure and office space for a period of four years , and would also second two aerospace experts to the office .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	47	It is a matter of concern to my delegation that this objective has not been met and that those States have denied or ignored that commitment . Once again , we call upon the nuclear-weapon States , several of which are depositaries of the Treaty , to keep their word and to speed up the work to implement the 13 practical measures for nuclear disarmament agreed upon in 2000 . In accordance with the commitments made , there should be firm steps towards nuclear disarmament .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	22	This is important for United Nations peacekeeping and for the Council 's continued effort to do its job well . We will keep trying to improve the usefulness of consultations under resolution 1353 ( 2001 ) , and develop the new mechanism we have put in place . This will unfold over the next couple of months .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	93	The claimant seeks compensation in the total amount of USD 3 , 117 , 474.05 for D4 ( personal property ) losses in the amount of USD 1 , 468 , 851.21 , D4 ( motor vehicle ) losses in the amount of USD 17 , 034.60 , D7 ( real property ) repair costs and loss of rental income in the amount of USD 1 , 624 , 667.82 , as well as claim preparation costs in the amount of USD 6 , 920.42 . A nineteenth-century Egyptian brass candlestick that was kept in the claimant 's house and seven horses that were at the claimant 's stables in the Hunting and Equestrian Club of Kuwait , with a total asserted value of USD 484 , 429.07 , within the D4 ( personal property ) claim were treated as Valuation Items Ownership of the Valuation Items
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	40	A range of proposals in this respect will be presented to the Council in the July report of the Secretary-General . In the meantime , we continue to review the composition of our military component , and additional proposals in keeping with the conditions on the ground will be presented on a regular basis . Furthermore , it should be possible to devote the savings that would result for the United Nations budget to concrete projects that would have tangible benefits for East Timor — for example , providing patrols to fight against contraband or repairing some of the road damage that has been done by the intensive circulation of heavy military vehicles .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	68	Thirdly , the United Nations must enhance its ability to strengthen the capacity of national Governments to prevent conflict by updating and ensuring a better coordination of existing capabilities , and by reorienting them and adding some new ones if necessary . For example , the role of peacekeepers in preventing a recurrence of conflicts might include , in addition to their primary responsibility to restore normalcy and keep the peace , managing peace up to a certain level of sustainability , at which point the national government concerned can take on the task . Programmes may have to be implemented in packages of security and development components , so that conflicts could be defused and disarmed combatants rather smoothly integrated into mainstream social processes .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	18	It is about social attitudes . It is about recognizing that , while treatment is the key to keeping alive people living with AIDS today , prevention is the key to achieving an AIDS-free generation tomorrow . Above all , it is about being honest about what the problem is and telling the truth about what works .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	58	We consider the adoption in 1997 of the Prevention of Discrimination Act as a step in the right direction to prohibit discrimination against women , particularly on the grounds of pregnancy . The five-year National Plan of Action on Women , Guyana 's national development strategy , and reforms of the national constitution have all been drafted in keeping with the Government 's commitment to the Beijing Platform for Action . A gender-mainstreaming approach has been developed for Constitutional reforms , as well as for the development strategy , which is a multisectoral development plan for the nation .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	35	Her Government was taking urgent steps to resolve the difficulties related to respect for the basic rights of children held in protective custody . Those steps included the introduction of a juvenile justice policy in keeping with international treaties and standards . In addition , the authorities were incorporating in the curriculum of the police training school a protocol on the arrest and detention of children .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	26	During the reporting period , UNDP commissioned independent evaluations of its programmes in Angola , Azerbaijan and Bosnia and Herzegovina . Mine action partners seek to keep abreast of developments in mine action technologies and techniques . In Afghanistan , for example , a contract was issued by UNOPS for a project that introduced the Mechem Explosive and Drug Detection System , which facilitated the speedy verification of the reconstruction of the Kabul-Kandahar road .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	16	Thematic and cluster evaluations will be undertaken in interventions involving two or more countries . In keeping with the findings and recommendations of the 2002 and 2003 annual reviews of UNDP collaboration with Barbados and the OECS , UNDP will continue its efforts at minimizing duplication and reducing the burden of its monitoring and evaluation activities on the limited capacity of governments . Periodic MDG reports will be produced , highlighting the progress of countries towards the achievement of the regionalized MDGs .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	45	In deciding to draft this Summary in a format which was separated out from the actual recommendations in the report itself , and in a way that was re-usable , the Panel was motivated by a number of matters . One was the desire to keep the substantive element of its reports to a manageable length . As the number of reports generated by the various panels increases , there seems to be a good deal to be said for what might be called economies of scale .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	58	As at mid-2005 , 82.4 per cent of all SALW was covered by record-keeping by number , and work on inventorying and recording by number such sensitive types of weapons as man-portable air defence systems ( MANPADS ) had been completed in full . To improve the SALW record-keeping system , the Ministry of Defence has decided to keep permanently documents relating to the circulation of SALW , including MANPADS and their components , anti-tank missile hardware and anti-tank missiles . The Ministry of Internal Affairs is developing and implementing centralized record-keeping for missing ( stolen or lost ) and traced ( confiscated , recovered or voluntarily surrendered ) firearms on behalf of law enforcement agencies and State paramilitary organizations of the Russian Federation and law enforcement agencies of CIS member States .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	55	However , this illustrates the precarious situation of many girls in Colombia , who spend their days with their mothers in places where prostitution is exercised . Decision C-318 ( 2003 ) : declares that Act 765 ( 2002 ) and the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Rights of the Child are in keeping with the Constitution. The conclusions that appear in the analysis of the Protocol are extremely important in connection with crimes against children . Special Recommendation No. 10 : Inter-institutional Committee to Combat Trafficking in Women and Children
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	32	All other liabilities should be classified as non-current liabilities ; custody - the immediate control and possession of assets for the reasons of care , http : //www.businessdictionary.com/definition/safe.html observation , and safe keeping ; data exchange - specific means of exchanging information in raw form ( such as alphabets , numbers , or symbols ) that refer to , or represent , conditions , ideas , or objects ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	52	Given all the efforts that I have indicated , the adoption of a draft resolution sanctioning one of the parties would tend in the present circumstances to further complicate things on the ground and exacerbate tensions to the point of damaging the ongoing dialogue . The efforts in the region are in keeping with the spirit of the United Nations Charter . Recognizing the importance of such endeavours , the Security Council has devoted several public meetings to the role of regional and subregional organizations and has adopted statements and resolutions on that subject that were not intended to remain dead letters .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	29	Conclusion Activities for construction of additional office facilities at the Economic Commission for Africa in Addis Ababa are progressing as per the schedule in paragraph 7 above , in keeping with the recommendations of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions . The General Assembly may wish to take note of the present report .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	34	She was particularly unhappy that the Criminal Code contained no law for penalizing violence against women in general . She wondered whether the dearth of complaints from women was prompted by the desire to keep the family together , to protect the interests of the child , by financial reasons or a reluctance to publicize the woman 's dilemma . The acceptance of wife-beating by many women and men was a lamentable example of discriminatory social stereotyping and should be eradicated worldwide .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	36	Meanwhile , some interim measures are necessary to remove the immediate threats to international peace . In the post-cold war period , there is simply no justification for the nuclear-weapon States under the Non-Proliferation Treaty to keep their nuclear forces , especially their missiles , whether ground- or sea-based , on alert status . The first step must therefore involve formulating de-alert measures. These should be followed by progressive steps to dismantle all delivery vehicles .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	53	The education of women in the United Arab Emirates represents one of the most important achievements of the federal State . Education and the eradication of illiteracy are rights established by the Constitution of the United Arab Emirates for its citizens without regard to sex , age or place of residence , in keeping with the principle of equal opportunity for men and women . Consequently , concern with the education of women is based on the fact not only that they constitute half of society , but that their education will possess added value that will contribute to providing a sound basis for the socialization of the family and children , and therefore of the society as a whole , as well as for participation in the labour force through educational outcomes that assist in building and development .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	25	I went back to the agency car and got out an electric bug , one of the newest devices for electronic shadowing . I always keep a set in the car . I put in new batteries so as to be certain I 'd have plenty of power and on my way out walked over to the regular parking stalls and stood looking at them thoughtfully .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	74	Under the terms of the first draft resolution entitled “ Report of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law on the work of its thirty-sixth session ” , the General Assembly would , among others things , request the Commission and its secretariat to take the lead in assuring cooperation and coordination with other relevant international organizations in work on international legal texts . In addition , it would request the Secretary-General to keep under review the level of resources available to the Commission in order to ensure its ability to carry out its mandate . It would also appeal to Governments , the relevant bodies of the United Nations system , organizations , institutions and individuals to support the training and legislative technical assistance programme of the Commission , in particular in developing countries , and to make voluntary contributions to the relevant trust funds .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	50	The Task Force considered that this would help to reduce confusion by making clear that foreign affiliates statistics were not a part of international trade in services but were relevant to describing the commercial presence mode of supply and related market access issues . The acronym FATS was to be kept , with an explanation of the link to statistics on the activity of multinational enterprises . The issue of continuing to use “ majority ownership ” as the target criterion for FATS was discussed .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	74	The international community must continue to support the efforts being made by that country to resolve the many problems it faces in the particularly crucial areas of security and defence , the establishment and consolidation of political institutions , the civil service and the improvement and maintenance of good neighbourly relations with Indonesia and Australia . With regard to the assessments made by the Secretary-General in his report , Benin supports the idea of keeping a United Nations presence in Timor-Leste after 20 May 2005 and will take an active part in discussions about the form and modalities for that presence . In our view , that presence should be defined through taking thorough account of the context and of the capacity of the Timorese to meet the challenges that have been identified , using their own resources .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	53	Letter dated 22 August 2002 from the Permanent Representatives of the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea and the Republic of Korea to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General We have the honour to inform you that the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea and the Republic of Korea have agreed to keep on the agenda of the fifty-seventh session of the General Assembly the item entitled “ Peace , security and reunification on the Korean peninsula ” , which appears on the agenda of the fifty-sixth session of the Assembly as item 175 . We would like this item to be included in the agenda of the fifty-seventh session of the General Assembly , and request that the text of the present letter be circulated as a document of the Assembly at its fifty-sixth session under agenda item 175 .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	37	We ask him to bless our gathering and deliberations. To fill our minds and our hearts with kindness and generosity . We thank Him for this Mission which should witness peace and harmony rather than attempting to keep peace in Tokelau . Members of the General Fono are here today .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	43	It also attached the greatest importance to the provisions of article 50 that stipulated that countermeasures could not involve the threat or use of force or the violation of humanitarian law or other peremptory norms . It should be stressed that countermeasures in keeping with the draft articles must not be punitive but must be aimed at inducing a State to comply with its obligations . A question not settled in the draft articles was whether individual countermeasures should cease as soon as collective countermeasures were taken by an international organization such as the United Nations .
keep%2:31:00::	keep.v	21	I 'll write what you tell me to '' . For a number of years the board used a machine to keep a permanent record but abandoned the practice about two years ago . It was about that time , a board member said later , that Dr. Thomas G. Pullen , Jr. , State superintendent of schools , told Dr. Jenkins and a number of other education officials that he would not talk to them with a recording machine sitting in front of him .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	29	The hoofmarks of cattle and the prints of bare feet in the mud or in the dust were as numerous as the traces of shod horses . Cows were kept in backyard barns , boys were hired to drive them to and from the pasture on the edge of town , and familiar to the ear , morning and evening , were the boys ' coaxing voices , the thud of hooves , and the thwack of a stick on cowhide .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	44	Jordan will continue to play a constructive role in this area and will continue to offer reasonable and applicable visions , especially within the context of reforming the work mechanisms of the Security Council . Finally , I assure the Assembly that Jordan will keep its commitments to the achievement of international peace and security . The size of the Jordanian forces participating in peacekeeping operations and their geographically wide deployment reflect the actual role of Jordan in the United Nations system and reflect also its political will to help accomplish the mission of the Organization .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	58	Outright , permanent and systematic refusal of permanent seats for developing countries — amounting , by the way , to well over half of the world 's population — constitutes a discrimination we need to overcome . In discussing interim or transitional models , we should therefore bear in mind that the option for permanent seats must be kept open . On working methods , we are in principle very supportive of the ideas developed by the group of five small nations — the “ Small Five ” .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	26	Part of the family should be sleeping while the rest is awake . To break the monotony it may be necessary to invent tasks that will keep the family busy . Records such as diaries can be kept .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	51	The Operation is in the process of establishing and fully equipping an operations centre at the command centre headquarters in Yamoussoukro to support planning and coordination . The Operation also provides logistical and transport assistance to the command centre , as well as an infantry platoon for security purposes , in keeping with the provisions of the Ouagadougou Agreement . Deployment of mixed units and gradual lifting of the green line
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	53	In its report , the Board noted with regret that for several years the subvention received from the United Nations had not been adjusted for inflation . The Board requested that , in view of the importance of the United Nations subvention to the operations of the Institute , the matter should be kept in review . The programme budget of the United Nations for the biennium 2000-2001 , under section 4 , Disarmament , contains a provision of $ 426 , 000 representing the United Nations subvention to UNIDIR for 2000-2001 .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	84	But I would like to draw the attention of the United Nations to the leaflet on the CTC that we have produced , which is available in and around this Chamber , for Member States , members of the Council and those outside to use in reminding their Governments of the facts behind the CTC — what it is doing and what it intends to do — in an easily digestible form . I urge everyone : please use it , distribute it and keep up the good work . The President ( spoke in French ) : I thank Sir Jeremy Greenstock for the clarifications that he provided .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	64	In March 2004 , Myanmar acceded to the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and two supplementary protocols , the Protocol to Prevent , Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons , especially Women and Children , and the Protocol against the Smuggling of Migrants by Land , Sea and Air . These developments further demonstrate Myanmar 's commitment to combat human trafficking in keeping with the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime . Progress has been made in our efforts to sign bilateral MOUs with China and Thailand on the prevention of human trafficking .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	52	In this connection , during 2004 efforts have been made to mobilize resources and to identify existing resources for the production of the Repertory . However , those efforts have met with little success. Following consultations , the relevant departments , with two possible exceptions , indicated their intention to continue to keep the situation under review because no resources were available for redeployment to enable work to proceed on the Repertory . Two departments indicated that they were examining the possibility of rearranging resources .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	50	However , Haiti also urges the nuclear-weapon States to work for the total elimination of such devices , as agreed by the States parties themselves during the 2000 NPT Review Conference . My country can not endorse a policy of double standards in which it is admissible for some to keep and improve their nuclear weapons , while others must rid themselves of such weapons or not even think about the production , possession or presence of such weapons on their territory . Any nuclear disarmament policy , in order to be reliable , must involve abandonment of the policy of deterrence and the doctrine of force .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	76	Mr. Kafando ( Burkina Faso ) ( spoke in French ) : I would like to begin by thanking Mr. Alan Doss for his summary of the report of the Secretary-General ( S/2008/728 ) . I would also like to congratulate him , as well as the entire personnel of the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo ( MONUC ) on their commitment and the decisive role they are playing in keeping the peace in the eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo , despite all the unfortunate obstacles . I would also like to welcome the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Belgium .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	39	At the United Nations the question now mainly has to do with the establishment of clear , legitimate and acceptable limits to the use of violence . If effective international cooperation mechanisms are properly established , terrorism may be kept at very low levels . In order to reach such a desirable outcome , the United Nations should have the primary responsibility for fostering a coordinated , comprehensive and integrated response on the part of the international community against terrorism , as was recently noted by the High-level Panel on Threats , Challenges and Change .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	52	Requests the Secretary-General to monitor the implementation rate of the projects , with a view to identifying those projects that are underperforming and the causes , and to present proposals to correct this situation or to redeploy funds from such projects to those that are delivering results ; Decides to continue to keep the implementation of the Development Account under review , and requests the Secretary-General to submit a report on the subject to the fifty-seventh session of the General Assembly . A/56/7 , part XIII .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	35	A change in the family name of one spouse does not cause a consequent change in the family name of the other spouse . If the marriage is dissolved , the spouses are entitled to keep their common family name or revert to their pre-marriage family names ( article 30 of the Family Code ) . Article 53 of the Family Code establishes that a child 's family name is determined by the parents ' family name .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-sixth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Mission in Sierra Leone ” . Fifth Committee
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	21	Australia was actively involved in a number of partnerships , including the Asia-Pacific Partnership on Clean Development and Climate . In keeping with its commitment to helping its partner countries achieve sustainable development by addressing environmental challenges , Australia was developing a new environment strategy for its aid programme focusing on climate change and adaptation , water and environmental regulatory regimes . His country was participating actively in ongoing efforts in various forums to improve the framework for international environmental governance , and believed that environment , sustainable development and natural resource management must be mainstreamed into the development programmes of the United Nations .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	25	Contributions are made by Governments , intergovernmental organizations and non-governmental sources , including foundations , universities and individuals . The funds of the University are kept in a special account established by the Secretary-General of the United Nations . The University derives its income from two sources — income from an Endowment Fund and contributions to the Operating Funds .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	52	Protection and promotion of human rights The human rights component of the mission would carry out a wide range of monitoring , investigation , reporting , advocacy , protection and advisory , as well as capacity- and institution-building activities , including support for the establishment of a national human rights commission in keeping with the Paris Principles , and as noted in the Darfur Peace Agreement . The human rights component of the mission would engage with the national authorities , other parties to the Darfur Peace Agreement , and relevant United Nations and non-governmental organization partners with a view to identifying options for appropriate corrective action to stop , prevent and/or pre-empt violations of human rights and fundamental freedoms .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	37	I will mention only one experience which needs to be corrected . From our own experience in Ethiopia , we find at times , including most recently , that those in positions of command and entrusted with keeping the peace can also be a cause for serious concern . It is important , therefore , that while micromanagement of United Nations missions should not be the norm for the Council , as sometimes it has been , the Council should nevertheless be sensitive to such matters more than it has been hitherto .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	69	At the same time , the wallpaper strips themselves seem to be pushed into depth by the lines and patches of shading charcoaled upon them , and by their placing in relation to the block capitals ; and these capitals seem in turn to be pushed back by their placing , and by contrast with the corporeality of the woodgraining . Thus every part and plane of the picture keeps changing place in relative depth with every other part and plane ; and it is as if the only stable relation left among the different parts of the picture is the ambivalent and ambiguous one that each has with the surface . And the same thing , more or less , can be said of the contents of Picasso 's first collage .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	100	Convinced that our children and adolescents should live full and healthy lives in which their rights are assured and protected , we shall continue to promote national policies and programmes for development with equity and social justice and shall endeavour to assign increased resources to social spending , especially health , education , culture , science and technology. We therefore agree on the need to : ( a ) Ensure the exercise of the right of children to be registered at birth and , as far as possible , to know and be cared for by their parents , in keeping with the Convention on the Rights of the Child , and promote legislative , administrative and other measures to achieve these ends . ( b ) Continue to promote our strong , rich cultural roots , customs and traditions , with full respect for the individual characteristics and values of each country , to which end we shall work towards an all-round , meaningful education , respectful of linguistic , ethnic and cultural diversity and gender equity , that contributes to human development .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	42	This posed a risk of property losses not being properly accounted for and that disclosures of non-expendable property in the financial statements might not be adequate . The UNEP Regional Office for Asia and the Pacific assured the Board that it had kept a detailed record of office equipment and furniture , although it admitted that a number of group inventory items had not been recorded by ESCAP in the UNEP inventory report pending clarification of the group inventory procedures . The UNEP Regional Office for Asia and the Pacific indicated that instructions for the recording of group inventory items were being finalized and would be implemented as soon as possible .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	95	The restoration , to which I have briefly referred , of a balance in the way we address threats to international peace and security posed by conventional weapons and weapons of mass destruction ; the universalization and effective implementation of legally binding international non-proliferation and general disarmament instruments ; and the triumph of multilateralism will create the appropriate framework in which the First Committee can regain and fully assume its original role , as set forth in Articles 11 , 13 , 14 and 15 of the United Nations Charter . That role is in keeping with the first two objectives of the Charter and without detriment to the prerogatives of the Security Council , the inevitable reform of which will help to inject healthy , renewed vigour into the United Nations . Mr. Castellón Duarte ( Nicaragua ) ( spoke in Spanish ) : First of all , I wish to congratulate you , Sir , on your well-deserved election and to extend those congratulations to the other members of the Bureau .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	33	Others decided that their accounting system would be used solely for IFRS compliance and that any adjustments back to local GAAP would be managed “ offline ” . A third approach was to keep the existing systems producing United Kingdom GAAP information and build a consolidation module that would control the adjustments required to produce IFRS-compliant consolidated accounts of the group . In each case , substantial costs were incurred in connection with the systems upgrades .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	131	Commends the important role the Special Rapporteur has played towards the elimination of extrajudicial , summary or arbitrary executions and encourages the Special Rapporteur to continue , within the framework of the mandate , to collect information from all concerned , to respond effectively to information that comes before her or him , to follow up on communications and country visits and to seek the views and comments of Governments and to reflect them , as appropriate , in the elaboration of her or his reports ; Strongly urges all States to cooperate with and assist the Special Rapporteur so that her or his mandate may be carried out effectively , including , where appropriate , by issuing invitations to the Special Rapporteur when she or he so requests , in keeping with the usual terms of reference for missions by special rapporteurs of the Commission on Human Rights , and to respond to the communications transmitted to them by the Special Rapporteur ; Expresses its appreciation to those States that have invited the Special Rapporteur to visit their countries , asks them to examine carefully the recommendations made by the Special Rapporteur , invites them to report to the Special Rapporteur on the actions taken on those recommendations and requests other States , including those mentioned in the report of the Special Rapporteur , to cooperate in a similar way ;
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	47	There is still time for delegations to add their names to the list . The deadline , as agreed , is tomorrow , Wednesday , 6 October , at 6 p.m. I believe that with the flexibility of two lists we will be able to decide on keeping a rolling list , in two segments , for the remainder of the session . I hope that next session we will be able to have one single rolling list from the very beginning .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	116	This means that the antennae of the congregation are extended into the community , picking up the wave lengths of those who will fit into the social and economic level of the congregation ; the mission of the church is actually a process of informal co-optation ; the lay ministry is a means to recruit like-minded people who will strengthen the social class nucleus of the congregation . Churches can be strengthened through this process of co-optation so long as the environs of the church provide a sufficient pool of people who can fit the pattern of economic integration ; once the pool of recruits diminishes , the congregation is helpless - friendly contacts no longer keep it going . The transmutation of mission to co-optation is further indicated by the insignificance of educational activities , worship , preaching , and publicity in reaching new members .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	33	The Assembly has set the stage for a new deal to emerge . We now need leaders willing to take the same bold decisions as were taken at Monterrey , not just by keeping their promises but also by rising to new challenges and the difficult economic outlook we all face . The stakes could not be higher .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	105	Stresses the importance of bringing into effect the conventions emanating from the work of the Commission for the global unification and harmonization of international trade law , and , to this end , urges States that have not yet done so to consider signing , ratifying or acceding to those conventions ; Requests the Secretary-General , in view of the continuing demands on personnel resources of the secretariat of the Commission resulting , inter alia , from the need for coordination among a growing number of international organizations in the field of international trade law and the growing demand for legislative technical assistance , to keep under review the level of resources available to the Commission in order to ensure its ability to carry out its mandate . 72nd plenary meeting 9 December 2003
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	52	At its 9th meeting , on 27 June 2007 , the Special Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly that the Committee continue to be represented at seminars , meetings and conferences organized by United Nations bodies and other intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations active in the field of decolonization . In keeping with its decision of 22 February 2007 , the Committee would authorize its Chair to hold consultations , as appropriate , concerning its participation in those meetings , as well as the level of representation , when accepting invitations . In accordance with established practice and on the basis of the principle of rotation , the Chair would hold consultations with the Bureau members , who , in turn , would consult with the members of the Committee from their respective regional groups .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	55	It should also be noted that the UNFICYP personnel in Cyprus agreed upon visiting the area that there is no tangible measure that can be taken on the ground regarding the situation in Akyar following the commencement of mutual crossings in the island . It is most unbecoming , therefore , that this issue is kept on the agenda . The terminology in paragraph 21 falls short of reflecting the preventive Greek Cypriot attitude regarding the crossing of commercial vehicles from North to South Cyprus .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	46	They have also concluded that the necessarily general nature of the description of many items in the annexes to the plan renders it impossible to determine definitively whether or not an item is notifiable under the provisions of resolution 1051 ( 1996 ) . They will keep the matter under review and provide a further assessment in the light of additional information that may become available in applications submitted to the Security Council Committee . The distribution plan ( see annexes II and III ) and the letter dated 31 July 2001 from the Executive Director of the Iraq Programme addressed to the Permanent Representative of Iraq to the United Nations , conveying my acceptance of the plan ( see annex I ) , are attached .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	7	Comments by the Board The Board will keep this matter under review . Recommendation 9 ( f )
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	21	Africa believes that the Security Council should be expanded in both the permanent and non-permanent categories . This would be in keeping with the overwhelming desire of the States Members of the United Nations for equitable regional and geographical representation . It is imperative to democratize the Council and thus to make it more efficient and transparent , in view of its growing role in discharging its primary responsibility for the maintenance of international peace and security .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	33	That must be acknowledged , recognized and enhanced . Resolution 1325 ( 2000 ) is not about gender equality in general ; it is about the role of women in making peace and keeping the peace . Member States have referred to the issue of Council reform every year during the general debate of the General Assembly since the establishment of the Open-ended Working Group on the Question of Equitable Representation on and Increase in the Membership of the Security Council and Other Matters Related to the Security Council .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	89	That Committee 's mandate will have to be enhanced and its support structures strengthened in order to allow it to handle requests for accreditation as speedily as possible . The members of the Committee should obviously give particular attention to the agenda and programme of the candidate NGOs , to their sources of financing — in order to determine their degree of transparency and independence with respect to States and interest groups — to their past and present activities and to the extent to which these activities are in keeping with the purposes and principles of the Charter . In addition , it seems important to me to see to it that there is a balance between the NGOs from the North and those from the South , whose concerns and capacities are not always the same , and to reflect on the possibility of providing financial assistance for NGOs from the South to enable them to participate in the various forums where they could make a useful contribution .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	49	Abortion remained illegal , but complications of abortion could be treated without penalty , and discussions had begun on the possibility of offering safe interruption of pregnancy in instances of rape or to save the life of the mother . He also pointed out that the emergency rape kit kept in medical centres and police stations included the so-called “ morning-after pill ” to prevent pregnancy , which in the strictest sense could be considered to cause abortion . In some respects the law had not yet caught up to general practice .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	32	The Committee makes the following recommendations : ( a ) In order genuinely to fulfil its treaty obligations , the State party must adopt a definition of torture that is fully in keeping with article 1 of the Convention and must provide for appropriate penalties ; ( b ) Measures must be taken to establish regulations on the right of torture victims to fair and adequate compensation from the State and to set up programmes for victims ' physical and psychological rehabilitation ;
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	36	Article 17 in fact addressed the arbitral tribunal and its jurisdiction . His delegation did not have strong feelings about the placement of the provision currently contained in article 17 undecies , but would prefer to keep it where it was . Ms. Perales-Viscasillas ( Spain ) endorsed the comments of the representative of Switzerland concerning the placement of the provision contained in article 17 undecies .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	97	Encourages all States , in particular the members of the zone of peace and cooperation of the South Atlantic , to cooperate in promoting and strengthening global , regional , subregional and national initiatives to prevent , combat and eradicate the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons ; Commends regional efforts being undertaken by States members of the zone in support of the implementation of the Programme of Action to Prevent , Combat and Eradicate the Illicit Trade in Small Arms and Light Weapons in All Its Aspects , 2 and calls upon them to keep up their efforts in this regard ; Affirms the importance of the South Atlantic to global maritime and commercial transactions , and its determination to preserve the region for all peaceful purposes and activities protected by international law , in particular the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea ;
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	21	Requests the Rapporteur to report to the Special Committee in 2006 on the implementation of the present resolution ; Decides to keep the question of Puerto Rico under continuous review . Sixtieth session
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	59	We note with satisfaction the report of the Secretary-General issued last week , in which he stated that the humanitarian programme had succeeded in providing a great measure of assistance to meet the urgent humanitarian needs of Iraq in all sectors , despite the many obstacles and difficulties that the programme faces . At the regional level , in keeping with Kuwait 's keen interest in ensuring security and stability in the Arabian Gulf region , and in view of the close relations between the sister State of the United Arab Emirates and the friendly State of the Islamic Republic of Iran , we support the position of the States of the Gulf Cooperation Council ( GCC ) on the question of the three Emirates islands . We hope that the efforts being made by the ad hoc GCC Tripartite Ministerial Committee will prove successful in creating a bilateral negotiating mechanism to resolve the current dispute over the islands in accordance with the norms and principles of international law and good neighbourliness .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	8	Article 72. Storage . Weapons collections must be kept in a stationary or immobile museum , where the proper security measures are in place in accordance with the regulations established by the Government . Article 73. Founding of associations .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	44	This is the goal sought — to increase the Council 's efficiency and effectiveness and to improve its working methods . As we pointed out at the beginning , the Security Council must be more democratic , representative , equitable , transparent and in keeping with the realities of the day . Its working methods must provide for and reflect greater transparency and participation ; its composition should reflect the political realities of the day .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	67	Against the background of these shortcomings in the current assurances , I now move to the third point in my statement , relating to my country 's call for steps to be taken to complement the current assurances . The receipt of negative assurances by the non-nuclear States , in addition to serving the interests of mankind as a whole , is a legitimate demand , in keeping with Security Council resolution 984 ( 1995 ) , and achieving this is within our power . The negotiations held between the major Powers and a number of States on limiting the dangers of proliferation highlighted the readiness of those Powers to offer prerogatives and negative security assurances bilaterally .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	77	It is the desire of my delegation and other delegations sponsoring those two draft resolutions to engage all Member States with a view to securing their support for these two important texts . In conclusion , my delegation would like to recall that during the Millennium Summit five years ago , our leaders expressed their resolve to , inter alia , strive for the elimination of weapons of mass destruction , particularly nuclear weapons , and to keep all options open for achieving that aim , including the possibility of convening an international conference to identify ways in which to eliminate nuclear dangers . Obviously , their resolve remains unfulfilled .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	30	• Consolidation of information sharing and international cooperation among States ; • Capacity-building of armed forces and police for arms stockpile management in the areas of physical security , record keeping and inventory management and staff training ; • Integration of control measures and the right to use conventional weapons within the framework of efforts to prevent arms from being diverted to terrorist groups ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	43	Military occupations should be included in the definition , even if they were not accompanied by protracted armed violence or armed operations , because a State under occupation could not always fulfil its treaty obligations . Moreover , such an approach was in keeping with the relevant provisions of international humanitarian law , and in particular the common article 2 of the four Geneva Conventions of 1949 , which was lex specialis in that field . If such an occupation was sufficient to entail the applicability of the norms relating to armed conflicts , then it would also entail that of the draft articles on the effect of armed conflicts on treaties .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	87	“ 37. Requests the United Nations funds , programmes and agencies and invites financial institutions to support efforts to mainstream the goals of full and productive employment and decent work for all in their policies , programmes and activities ; and in this regard , invites stakeholders to duly take account of the International Labour Organization decent work country programmes in order to achieve a more coherent and pragmatic United Nations approach to development at the national level on a voluntary basis ; “ 38. Decides to keep full and productive employment and decent work for all under review and requests the Secretary-General to submit a report on the implementation of the present resolution to the Commission for Social Development at its forty-seventh session and to the General Assembly at its sixty-fourth session as part of the report on the outcome of the implementation of the World Summit for Social Development and of the twenty-fourth special session of the Assembly. ” Report of the World Summit for Social Development , Copenhagen , 6-12 March 1995 ( United Nations publication , Sales No. E.96.IV.8 ) , chap. I , resolution 1 , annexes I and II .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	25	The Committee or the Working Group shall indicate a deadline for the submission of such additional information or clarification . If the deadline is not kept by the State party concerned or the author of a communication , the Committee or the Working Group may decide to consider the admissibility of the communication in the light of available information . If the State party concerned disputes the contention of the author of a communication that all available domestic remedies have been exhausted , the State party is required to give details of the effective remedies available to the alleged victim in the particular circumstances of the case .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	50	Rather , the African Union possesses young institutions , such as its Peace and Security Council , the development of whose capacities and resources should be a priority . Trust needs to be built among these various institutions so that they can play their proper regional role in building and keeping peace in Africa , a continent which suffers from many conflicts and civil wars . The second priority of the United Nations in this context is the promotion of dialogue and coordination to avoid shortcomings , bridge gaps and address urgent matters .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	105	The Working Group may wish to consider the suggestion ( see para. 60 of A/CN.9/544 ) to replace at the beginning of the draft provision the words “ the contract of carriage ” with the words “ the contract of carriage or any related contract ” or the words “ the contract of carriage or any contract related to the execution of the contract of carriage ” . As noted at para. 74 of A/CN.9/544 , the Working Group decided that the second proposal for draft articles 1 ( a ) and 2 ( 1 ) as reflected at para. 68 of A/CN.9/544 should be kept for continuation of the discussion at a future session , subject to the relocation of subpara. ( ii ) in square brackets outside of the definition of “ contract of carriage ” in draft article 1 ( a ) . This subpara. ( ii ) has now been relocated as para. 2 ( 1bis ) .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	22	A user-fee system was instituted in March 2000 with the launch of an upgrade to the web site . This is in keeping with General Assembly resolution 51/158 , which endorsed the exploration of the economical and practical feasibility of recovering the costs of providing such Internet access , subject to Member States , organizations of the United Nations system , other international organizations and non-commercial users , not being charged a user fee . Provision of legal advice and appreciation of treaty law
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	41	The fact that this is one of the most important items on the agenda of the General Assembly is well attested to by the very large number of speakers in the debate . The high degree of participation is also in keeping with the decision of our leaders at the Millennium Summit to intensify efforts to achieve comprehensive reform of the Security Council in all its aspects . As we all know , progress on reforming the Security Council has been slow .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	26	Denmark firmly believes that a robust United Nations force in Darfur is a prerequisite for keeping the Darfur Peace Agreement alive . Furthermore , failure to keep the DPA alive would not only put the Comprehensive Peace Agreement at risk , but also have grave regional repercussions — a scenario that is certainly not in the interests of anyone . To conclude , let me also express , on behalf of the Government of Denmark , my condolences to the United States and to the American people on the horrendous terrorist attacks that took place in the United States five years ago today .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	23	This is largely due to the fact that very few countries collect reliable disaggregated data on the status of indigenous peoples . Fewer keep data specifically about indigenous youth . There are a number of reasons for this , including the fact that no priority is given to the status of indigenous children and youth and that , in many cases , there is an unwillingness to recognize their indigenous identity .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	68	It was also seeking to promote the spread of standards guaranteeing the rights of children in armed conflicts and to encourage ratification of the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Rights of the Child on the involvement of children in armed conflicts . A world fit for children could and should be built , a world free of poverty , war and AIDS , a world in keeping with the African Charter on the Rights and Welfare of the Child and the Convention on the Rights of the Child . Ms. Clarke ( Barbados ) , speaking on behalf of the Caribbean Community ( CARICOM ) countries , said that the tireless work of the United Nations to safeguard the human rights of children had made the Convention on the Rights of the Child one of the most powerful international instruments .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	32	In the Mission 's estimate , approximately four to five Russian airborne battalions with supporting elements were introduced into or passed southbound through the zone of conflict after 10 August . In keeping with its mandate , UNOMIG did not monitor areas outside the zone of conflict where some of the newly introduced Russian troops were deployed . After 22 August , the Mission observed a sizeable number of northbound Russian troops departing the Zugdidi area and then leaving the zone of conflict .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	51	On the issue of new debt in HIPCs , Mr. Gray underscored the importance of debt management in the HIPCs . The speaker also pointed out the importance of longer-dated fixed rate Government bonds , as well as the role gross domestic product ( GDP ) and inflation-linked bonds played in keeping debt sustainable . He felt that IMF could play a role by purchasing the latter instruments and helping to define their market price .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	19	The participants supported regional and international efforts to combat piracy . Such efforts should , however , be in keeping with the relevant principles of international law and should respect the sovereignty of all States over their territory and territorial waters , taking into consideration the short-term nature of the existing security measures and their fundamental connection to the political and security situation in Somalia . In accordance with Security Council resolutions 1816 ( 2008 ) and 1838 ( 2008 ) , such measures should not constitute a precedent , whether in law or in practice .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	43	In this process the Minoan Mycenaean inheritance had been transmuted or finally rejected ; the Aegean world which had existed before 1000 differed from that which rises more clearly in our vision after 800 . Those modern scholars who urge that we must keep in mind the fundamental continuity of Aegean development from earliest times - granted occasional irruptions of peoples and ideas from outside - are correct ; but all too many observers have been misled by this fact into minimizing the degree of change which took place in the early first millennium . The focus of novelty in this world now lay in the south-eastern districts of the Greek mainland , and by 800 virtually the entire Aegean , always excepting its northern shores , had accepted the Geometric style of pottery .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	32	Given all the factors outlined above , the Department will proceed to systematically extend a more strategic communications approach to the network of United Nations information centres . This approach is in keeping with the organizational structure put in place with the reorientation of the Department beginning in November 2002 , which located the United Nations information centres within the Strategic Communications Division . It will be based on a more regional approach to its public information work at the country level , with the development of regional communications strategies to promote the goals and key activities of the United Nations , and the development of public information activities and materials focusing on priority thematic issues and concerns of the region .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	58	The Special Rapporteur particularly welcomes the action , initiated in December 2006 by the Office of the High Commissioner for Refugees in Italy , in conjunction with representatives of the National Association of Journalists and the Italian Journalists ' Union , to develop a code of ethics for the media . This initiative , which is fully in keeping with the spirit and letter of one of the main recommendations of the Special Rapporteur 's above-mentioned mission report , specifically concerns the treatment of information relating to immigration and asylum . In the context of his visit to Japan , the Special Rapporteur considers that the initiation of a dialogue between Japanese , Korean and Chinese historians is particularly significant .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	107	More recently , at the thirty-eighth regular session of the OAS General Assembly , in June 2008 , the OAS member States clearly articulated support for United Nations Security Council resolution 1540 ( 2004 ) in AG/RES. 2358 ( XXXVIII-O/08 ) , entitled “ Support for the implementation at the hemispheric level of United Nations Security Council resolution 1540 ( 2004 ) ” . The resolution calls on member States to take effective steps to comply with the resolution , including , inter alia , reiterating their position on support for Security Council resolution 1540 ( 2004 ) , urging the OAS Committee on Hemispheric Security to keep this issue on the Committee agenda and requesting the Permanent Council to support these initiatives through the Committee . OAS remains seized of this issue through its various entities , including the Committee , the primary body which has policymaking authority , and the Secretariat of the Inter-American Committee against Terrorism , the leading body with programmatic capabilities on this issue within the Secretariat for Multidimensional Security .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	28	The United Nations Secretary-General and the Security Council to be kept advised and thereby actively seized with serious security problems in refugee areas . UNHCR will continue to keep both regularly informed . States to take concrete measures to reduce the risk of and , to the extent possible , prevent the forcible recruitment of refugees , in particular refugee children , including by ensuring access to education and vocational training .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	44	The Constitution of Guatemala , which took precedence over the law , established that it was the obligation of the State and the authorities to ensure for the inhabitants of the nation the full enjoyment of the rights that the Constitution guaranteed . In keeping with public order in Guatemala , acts carried out with the objective of attacking state security , territorial integrity , national unity or institutional order were punished as a measure to curb the threat that terrorist activities represented to international peace and security . Specifically , the Penal Code contained in Congressional Decree No. 17-73 defined the crime of terrorism in chapter IV ( Crimes against public order ) of title XII ( Crimes against the institutional order ) .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	49	Nevertheless , the Board found that , although staff members had been duly informed of the framework within which they would be questioned , they were still confused about the different procedures . The administrative nature of the Procurement Task Force investigations implied that the persons questioned would not keep a record of conversations or of documents submitted or exchanged during the proceedings . Nevertheless , the feeling among certain staff members was that the interviews had a legal nature .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	25	We would like to view today 's open debate in the Security Council in that light . At the very least , these discussions will keep international focus on the problems associated with climate change . We are not advocating that the Security Council play the key role with respect to climate change .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	42	The basis for compost materials already existed on the school farm with a stable of animals for the riding program , poultry for eggs , pigs to eat garbage , a beef herd and wastes of all kinds . Separate pails were kept in the kitchen for coffee grounds and egg shells . All these materials and supplementary manure and other fertilizers from neighboring dairy and poultry farms made over 40 tons of finished compost a year .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	85	He or she would be assisted by a Deputy Special Representative of the Secretary-General at the Director ( D-2 ) level , who would also serve as Resident Coordinator/ Humanitarian Coordinator and UNDP Resident Representative , and thus provide the structural linkages between the Organization 's political , development and humanitarian work in the Central African Republic . The Deputy Special Representative would report to the Special Representative of the Secretary-General in his or her capacity as a deputy for the integrated office and would keep his or her reporting lines as Resident Coordinator , Humanitarian Coordinator and UNDP Resident Representative to the Head of the United Nations Development Group , the Emergency Relief Coordinator and UNDP , respectively . The staffing strength of BINUCA should include my Special Representative and Deputy Special Representative , 63 international Professional civilian staff , 2 military advisers and 2 civilian police advisers , as well as 14 National Officers and 7 United Nations Volunteers .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	68	Replacing that notion with the broader notion of “ communications between the parties ” might encompass all systems used in the chain of communications , such as various information service providers ( ISPs ) and web servers , even if unrelated to the negotiating parties . Moreover , the current wording was based on terms used in the UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Commerce , and should be kept for the sake of uniformity between the draft convention and domestic legislation already enacted on the basis of the Model Law . Subject to the above amendments , the Working Group approved the substance of the draft paragraph and referred it to the drafting group .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	79	Under the border control system , the Customs Department of the Republic is responsible for controlling the entry of goods into the national territory to prevent international smuggling and the entry of explosives , weapons , drugs and related items . Where arms and explosives arrive at our borders without the prior authorization of the Ministry of the Interior , they are placed immediately in the storage facilities of the Customs Department , which is responsible for their safe keeping until a determination is made as to their final disposition . Also in force is Decree-Law No. 52/82 on arms and ammunition and the implementing regulations in Resolution 19/82 .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	31	The double job holders , according to the Labour Force Survey 2006 , represented 4.6 % of the working population . It is noted that the main reason for which Cypriots keep a second job is to improve their standard of living rather than to secure an adequate one. ( In 2006 , the per capita GDP of Cyprus was USS $ 23596 and the per capita GNP 22923 . In case of subsequent reports , give a short review of changes , if any , in national legislation , court decisions , as well as administrative rules , procedures and practices during the reporting period affecting the right to work .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	54	Her `` Rockabye Your Baby '' was as good as it can be done , and her really personal songs , like `` The Man That Got Away '' were deeply moving . The audience would n't let her leave until it had heard `` Over The Rainbow '' - although the fellow that kept crying for `` Get Happy '' had to go home unhappy , about that item anyway . She was generous with her encores and the audience was equally so with its cheers and applause and flowers .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	42	A shelter for women victims of domestic violence , to which the Government contributed financially , had been opened in 1991 . However , the need for such shelters had been reduced as a result of new legislative and judicial measures that kept the perpetrators at bay , rather than further victimizing women by forcing them to seek shelter outside the home . The action plan 's second area of focus was reconciliation of family responsibilities with work .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	37	From time to time , threats arise to the right of Jewish communities to operate schools teaching Jewish culture and tradition and/or religion . Intervention has taken place with the objective of securing this right , in keeping with , and including explicit reference to , the core principles of freedom of religion and international human rights generally , contained in the Charter of the United Nations . In Baku , Azerbaijan , submissions to the Ambassador of Azerbaijan to the United Nations were handled sympathetically and sensitively , which resulted in averting the closure of a Jewish school .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	4	So what ? He kept telling himself this as he went out to the kitchen to make a drink . Only then did he decide he did n't want one .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	36	The end of the cold war and reductions in military forces and requirements in several countries resulted in weapon surpluses that in some cases helped to fuel the conflicts of the 1990s . A decision to keep surplus weapons requires careful management and protection of stockpiles . Some weapons or their components , in particular munitions , deteriorate or become unstable with time , making stockpiling dangerous as a long-term solution .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	15	Other matters Mr. Matsunaga ( Japan ) said that his delegation wished the Committee to keep open agenda item 128 , “ Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations ” , and to continue its consideration of the report of the Committee on Contributions ( A/60/11 ) . The meeting rose at 4 p.m .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	54	In observance of World AIDS Day , a special event , organized by the United Nations Department of Public Information ( DPI ) and the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS ( UNAIDS ) , will take place on Friday , 1 December 2000 , at 10 a.m. in Conference Room 4 . In keeping with the theme `` AIDS : Men Make a Difference '' , designated by UNAIDS for its World AIDS Campaign , there will be a discussion on changes in male attitudes and behaviours that could halt the spread of AIDS . The event , moderated by Riz Khan , CNN International , is co-sponsored by the Department of Information , UNAIDS , the United Nations Children 's Fund ( UNICEF ) , the United Nations Population Fund ( UNFPA ) and LoveLife/The Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation , in cooperation with the United Nations Development Programme ( UNDP ) .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	76	( b ) To continue to consider , on a priority basis and in an appropriate substantive manner and framework , the question of the implementation of the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations related to assistance to third States affected by the application of sanctions under Chapter VII of the Charter based on all of the related reports of the Secretary-General and the proposals submitted on the question ; ( c ) To keep on its agenda the question of the peaceful settlement of disputes between States ; ( d ) To consider , as appropriate , any proposal referred to it by the General Assembly in the implementation of the decisions of the High-level Plenary Meeting of the sixtieth session of the Assembly in September 2005 that concern the Charter and any amendments thereto ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	38	For these reasons , the NGO Working Committee on HIV/AIDS recommends that governments direct their energies and resources to realising the “ 3X5 ” goal . It is possible to reverse the scourge of the HIV/AIDS pandemic in keeping with the Millennium Declaration . Policy recommendations
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	81	Outreach : Regular consultations , outside formal processes , to be held between developing countries and the institution managing the fund . Project cycle : Incorporate year-round submission , consideration and approval of proposals Use expedited processing system ( such as that used by the GEF for medium-sized projects ) for all projects Provide authority for the implementing agencies to commit the funds for the project following their own approval procedures ( have a “ simple ” process for approval - keeping , however , central approval ) . Disbursement modalities : Use similar funding principles as those of the Least Developed Countries Fund ( LDCF ) as a starting point Avoid the use of the incremental cost concept Draw on sliding scale to simplify calculation of fully funded additional costs of adaptation Ensure adequate geographic representation in access to resources .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	46	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of programmes of assistance to the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations decisions relating to decolonization , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly ,
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	75	In addition , navigation along the Danube , which was significantly reduced as a result of the destruction of bridges during the NATO military operation in 1999 , has not been yet fully restored . As a result , the Danube shipping fleet and enterprises of the Ukrainian Ministry of Transportation have operated at only 60 per cent of their productive capacity and continued incurring losses due to smaller cargo shipments , the costs of keeping the fleet idle while waiting for the opening of the pontoon bridge in the town of Novi Sad and charges paid to Serbia and Montenegro for opening the bridge . As of 1 August 2003 , those losses were estimated at about $ 170 million .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	143	“ 5. Requests the Commission and its secretariat , relying on its role as the core legal body within the United Nations system in the field of international trade law , to take the lead in assuring cooperation and coordination with the World Bank , the International Monetary Fund , regional economic commissions and other international organizations in the work on international legal texts and propose appropriate and widely accepted international standards with due respect to the distinct objectives of the Commission and the international financial institutions ; “ 10. Requests the Secretary-General , in view of the continuing demands on personnel resources of the secretariat of the Commission resulting , inter alia , from the need for coordination among a growing number of international organizations in the field of international trade law and the growing demand for legislative technical assistance , to keep under review the level of resources available to the Commission in order to ensure its ability to carry out its mandate. ” Coordination and cooperation .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	52	Although his Government had not yet taken a position on the final form that the draft articles should take , he was not certain that the adoption of a declaration by the General Assembly would be the best solution . A convention would have greater regulatory force and would be more in keeping with the Commission 's mandate to develop normative instruments rather than indicative guidelines . Moreover , the adoption of a declaration might cause the rules established in the draft articles , some of which were quite innovative , to be cited as principles without prior implementation in State practice and thus lead to the convening of an international conference to consider their validity .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	29	Let me also mention that children are being not only victimized , but used to make war . Children can certainly , therefore , be involved in making and keeping the peace . It is therefore important that we share and study the experiences of countries where relevant programmes are being successfully undertaken , for possible application elsewhere .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	79	In a little more than two weeks ' time , the African Union Mission in the Sudan ( AMIS ) will reach the deadline of 30 September 2006 — the date set for the handover to a United Nations operation . While resolution 1706 ( 2006 ) of 31 August confirmed the commitment of the Security Council in that respect , it also called upon the Sudanese Government to lend its support to facilitate such a transition , in keeping with the modalities set out by the Secretary-General in his report dated 28 July . Congo 's repeated calls for dialogue and cooperation on the part of all interested parties have been motivated solely by the need effectively to meet the requirements of such a United Nations operation , given the coordination requirements set out in the 5 May Darfur Peace Agreement .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	56	In the case of Israel , this commitment has not been forthcoming . Egypt believes that if the credibility and cohesiveness of the international nuclear non-proliferation regime is to be maintained , the international community must show a greater commitment to the objective of ridding the Middle East of the threat of nuclear weapons , in keeping with its own resolutions and decisions . on the Control of Transboundary Movements of
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	66	It also pledged to fulfil all its obligations under international law with respect to the United Nations community , including those related to the parking and registration of vehicles , just as it hoped that all members of the international community would abide by local laws . According to the United Nations Legal Counsel , the text of the Parking Programme for Diplomatic Vehicles was in keeping with international law and practice and the United States would ensure that its application remained consistent therewith . In 2002 , some members of the Committee had raised objections to the controls imposed on the unofficial travel of members of certain missions .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	146	With regard to the Advisory Committee 's requests that the Board should undertake a comprehensive assessment of all aspects of the implementation of contingent-owned equipment arrangements , giving specific consideration to the process of inspection and reporting on contingent-owned equipment and self-sustainment , and also that it should inquire into the adequacy and effectiveness of resident auditors in field missions , the Board had already planned to follow up on those matters later in the year . Ms. Schmidt ( Chief , Office of the Under-Secretary-General for Management ) , introducing the first report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the recommendations of the Board of Auditors concerning United Nations peacekeeping operations for the financial period ending 30 June 2000 ( A/55/380/Add.2 ) , said that the Administration attached great importance to the implementation of the Board 's recommendations and senior management would continue to keep the process under review . Mr. Abdalla ( Libyan Arab Jamahiriya ) sought clarification as to whether the amount of $ 39.9 million in claims from troop-contributing States had been reported on the basis of accrued expenditures and an explanation of how the initial amount of $ 149 million had been reduced by approximately 73 per cent .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	59	Indeed , Mexico considers it important to promote the conservation and management of sharks just like any other type of fish stock , and , towards this end , effective inter-agency coordination is fundamental . My delegation also welcomes the fact that there is a section included in this draft resolution dealing with the management of fishing capacities in keeping with FAO 's International Plan . My delegation wishes to emphasize the fact that measures should be taken to avoid the transfer of capacities to other fisheries and to other areas , including those areas where fishing resources are depleted or where there has been overfishing .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	13	Ibid. , article 48 , para . a The Working Group agreed to keep the list of definitions open for other possible definitions . Ibid. , article 1 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	102	In section III , paragraph 7 , of its resolution 59/265 , the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to ensure that the rules concerning the simultaneous distribution of documents in all official languages are followed with respect to both the distribution of printed copies and the posting of parliamentary documentation on the Official Document System and the United Nations website , in keeping with section III , paragraph 5 , of resolution 55/222 . The Department of Public Information , as the administrator of the United Nations website , has consistently ensured that all parliamentary documents posted on the site are in keeping with the rules pertaining to simultaneous distribution in all official languages . This is accomplished by linking parliamentary documentation directly to the Official Document System , where documents are released only when issued in all official languages .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	54	An agreement signed between the two countries provided for the identification of the children 's places of origin by Mali and of their itinerary in Côte d'Ivoire , and for both countries to adopt regulations governing the movement of children outside their territories and establish a joint monitoring commission . Those initiatives were in keeping with article 11 of the Convention on the Rights of the Child , with which Côte d'Ivoire was intent on complying . A technical commission would soon be established in Côte d'Ivoire to implement the agreement and law enforcement officials had been made very aware of the need to stop the transborder trafficking in children ; indeed , a bus transporting 34 children from a neighbouring country had already been intercepted .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	45	For over 15 centuries , Jews , Christians and people of all other faiths had lived in peace and harmony with Islamic societies based on respect for their rights to freely exercise their religious practices and rituals and to preserve their religious sites . In keeping with that tradition , OIC hoped that future deliberations on freedom of religion in the Third Committee or in the Human Rights Council would be conducted in a constructive spirit . OIC member States had joined the consensus on draft resolution A/C.3/62/L.42 on the understanding that it contained nothing that would condone action aimed at the defamation of religion or incitement to religious or racial hatred .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	77	Invites the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development , the Common Fund for Commodities and all other relevant organizations to provide useful , timely , accurate , comprehensive and user-friendly information and analysis on commodities and to enable the use of this information by commodity-dependent developing countries ; Requests the Department of Public Information of the Secretariat to undertake , within existing budgetary resources , initiatives and activities to raise awareness of the commodities issue and keep it a high priority of Governments , the international community , media , academia and all other relevant stakeholders ; Requests the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session a report on the implementation of the present resolution , taking into account the provisions of Assembly resolution 57/236 .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	56	This is where the Chairman 's draft could have played a role . It had been thought that by covering the three main areas of multilateralism , terrorism , and non-compliance and universality , the Committee could avert a chaotic situation and agree on a more general framework that would allow these essential issues to be kept on the agenda for further consideration . But after about three weeks , the situation developed in another direction .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	76	( c ) To continue to consider , on a priority basis and in an appropriate substantive manner and framework , the question of the implementation of the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations related to assistance to third States affected by the application of sanctions under Chapter VII of the Charter based on all of the related reports of the Secretary-General and the proposals submitted on the question ; ( d ) To keep on its agenda the question of the peaceful settlement of disputes between States ; ( e ) To consider , as appropriate , any proposal referred to it by the General Assembly in the implementation of the decisions of the High-level Plenary Meeting of the sixtieth session of the Assembly in September 2005 that concern the Charter and any amendments thereto ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	89	This was clear in the communiqué issued by the Coordinating Bureau on that very day of 28 June , in the statement I made on behalf of the Non-Aligned Movement at the resumed sixty-third session of the General Assembly on 29 June and , now , in a communiqué just issued by the Non-Aligned Movement in reaction to the barbaric events that occurred yesterday , 5 July , at and in the vicinity of the international airport of Tegucigalpa . This position of the Non-Aligned Movement is in full keeping with the letter and spirit of General Assembly resolution 63/301 of 30 June 2009 , in which , inter alia , the Assembly firmly and unequivocally called upon States to recognize no Government other than that of the Constitutional President José Manuel Zelaya Rosales . I am transmitting to you herewith , for your information and for issuance as a document of the General Assembly under agenda item 20 of the sixty-third session , entitled “ The situation in Central America : progress in fashioning a region of peace , freedom , democracy and development ” , that latest communiqué dated 6 July 2009 .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	29	It is now time to take practical measures to make the whole world free of nuclear weapons . The argument for non-proliferation should not be used as camouflage to keep nuclear weapons permanently . Before saying anything about non-proliferation , one should talk about its root cause : nuclear weapons , the topic under discussion today .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	22	Pakistan has suggested more concrete and precise classification of forests because objectives of their management are very different . Canada has proposed keeping a percentage of land area under forest cover . To be very precise , we can mention 1'vIDG targets fixed by the countries to be achieved by 2015 .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its sixtieth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Stabilization Mission in Haiti ” . A/60/176 and Corr.1 .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	62	The Governing Council considered various options and , given the nature of the remaining tasks , decided to maintain the Compensation Fund under the continuing oversight of the Governing Council , supported by a small residual secretariat in Geneva that will also assist the Governing Council in the implementation of the newly approved follow-up programme for environmental awards . The Governing Council kept the option of transferring responsibility for continuing payments to the Government of Iraq under the supervision of the Security Council open for consideration in future . Payment of claims
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	32	The Holy See reaffirms the importance of arms control and disarmament , which are fundamental pillars of the architecture of peace . All Members of the United Nations have a duty to keep working on the technical , legal and political elements of the disarmament agenda . That duty is becoming ever more relevant , since we all know that security for all is enhanced when disarmament and development steps complement one another .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	13	Kennedy , through Secretary-designate of State Dean Rusk , declined . He thus kept his hands free for any action after Jan. 20 , although reaction to the break was generally favorable in the U. S. and Latin America ( see The Hemisphere ) . After a White House huddle between the President and top lieutenants , the Defense Department reacted sharply to a cry from the pro-Western government of Laos that several battalions of Communist troops had invaded Laos from North Viet Nam .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	34	In so doing , Algeria committed itself firmly to a process of general and comprehensive disarmament , which would enable humanity to eliminate forever the risks inherent in weapons of mass destruction . In keeping with that policy option , Algeria is currently party to virtually all the international legal instruments concerning disarmament and non-proliferation and has been endeavouring not only to fully implement them nationally , but also to promote their universal application . Similarly , having confronted the scourge of terrorism for well over a decade , Algeria has become a party to all international counter-terrorism conventions and has enacted strict legislation on which it has reported in pursuance of the relevant Security Council resolutions .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	108	( b ) Agreed Enhance the effectiveness and coordination of international institutions to implement Agenda 21 , the outcomes of the World Summit on Sustainable Development , relevant sustainable development aspects of the Millennium Declaration , the Monterrey Consensus and the outcomes of the fourth WTO ministerial meeting , held in Doha in November 2001 . Agreed Request the Secretary-General of the United Nations , utilizing the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination , including through informal collaborative efforts , to further promote system-wide inter-agency cooperation and coordination on sustainable development , to take appropriate measures to facilitate exchange of information , and to continue to keep the Economic and Social Council and the Commission informed of actions being taken to implement Agenda 21 . Agreed Significantly strengthen support for UNDP capacity-building programmes for sustainable development , building on the experience gained from Capacity 21 , as important mechanisms for supporting local and national development capacity-building efforts , in particular in developing countries .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	58	Some uses of technology , such as keyboarding by translators , could actually lower output , although , from a full-system perspective , a drop in individual productivity might be acceptable if sufficient savings or efficiencies were generated downstream . Tasks of a more clerical nature , such as scheduling , making assignments , managing workflow , record keeping and automatically generating statistical reports , could be greatly facilitated by information technology , but other more intellectual functions , such as editing and translation , were not easily amenable to automation . The Task Force saw its contribution so far as providing a comprehensive survey of the situation in different conference service groups , which could guide future and more detailed work on designing a more comprehensive array of indicators on which the Department 's performance should be judged .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	41	Furthermore , within the context of capacity-building , specific sectors should be targeted , which would include judicial and legal structures , institutions and instruments aimed at the protection of minorities and minority cultures , and public service broadcasting . In keeping with the spirit of JIU recommendation 8 and General Assembly resolution 55/281 of 1 August 2001 , the Secretary-General requested 42 organs , organizations and bodies of the United Nations system to inform him of the actions taken and/or contemplated by them to implement the recommendations and proposals contained in his report on the prevention of armed conflict . The Secretary-General subsequently submitted a report to the General Assembly ( A/57/588/-S/2002/1269 ) containing the responses received from various entities of the United Nations system .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	50	Since the summit , there has been a marked easing of the situation on the Korean peninsula and a breakthrough in the relations between the two Koreas . All of these developments reflect the longstanding desire of the peoples of the two Koreas for peace and unification and are in keeping with their fundamental interests and the trend towards peace and development in today 's world. These developments are also conducive to peace and stability on the peninsula and throughout the world . As a friendly neighbour , China would like to express its heartfelt satisfaction and pleasure at this positive development. China hopes that this positive momentum will be maintained .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	22	Women had the same rights to legal services as men . Women also had the same rights as men to acquire , keep or change their citizenship , and marriage to a foreign national did not automatically deprive a woman of her Lebanese citizenship . The representative noted that the labour law did not distinguish between women and men in employment and that the principle of equal pay for equal work prevailed .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	63	In this context , Lebanon stresses the need to maintain the presence of UNIFIL in accordance with resolutions 425 ( 1978 ) and 426 ( 1978 ) , without any change in its strength or its mandate , especially in the light of the conditions prevailing in the area , which have worsened and grown extremely dangerous . This trend is perfectly in keeping with the conclusion you reached in paragraph 11 of your report S/2001/423 of 30 April 2001 , to the effect that the reconfiguration of the Force might be reconsidered if “ there is any drastic change in the region ” . Given the foregoing , it is my Government 's belief that any reconfiguration of the Force would undermine the existing sense of security and safety and would hinder the full implementation of the Force 's mandate .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	90	Requests the Committee to continue to exert all efforts to promote the realization of the inalienable rights of the Palestinian people , to support the Middle East peace process and to mobilize international support for and assistance to the Palestinian people , and authorizes the Committee to make such adjustments in its approved programme of work as it may consider appropriate and necessary in the light of developments and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its sixty-first session and thereafter ; Also requests the Committee to continue to keep under review the situation relating to the question of Palestine and to report and make suggestions to the General Assembly , the Security Council or the Secretary-General , as appropriate ; Further requests the Committee to continue to extend its cooperation and support to Palestinian and other civil society organizations in order to mobilize international solidarity and support for the achievement by the Palestinian people of its inalienable rights and for a peaceful settlement of the question of Palestine , and to involve additional civil society organizations in its work ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	34	Continued Israeli occupation of Palestinian lands , including the construction of a wall , serve to further exacerbate an already aggravated situation . The erection of the wall is a unilateral act not in keeping with the road map . Its building would involve the separation of Palestinians from their lands and from each other .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	11	Performance measurement The Board noted that weekly time sheets were being kept for each staff member for the recording of time allocated against the various audit projects and indirect activities . This information was summarized after the completion of the audit , but no comparison was done against the budgeted audit time for review and follow-up of the variances .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	93	Decides to extend the mandate of UNOMIG for a new period terminating on 31 January 2002 , subject to a review by the Council of the mandate of UNOMIG in the event of any changes that may be made in the mandate or in the presence of the CIS peacekeeping force , and expresses its intention to conduct a thorough review of the operation at the end of its current mandate , in the light of steps taken by the parties to achieve a comprehensive settlement ; Requests the Secretary-General to continue to keep the Council regularly informed and to report three months from the date of the adoption of this resolution on the situation in Abkhazia , Georgia , and requests also the Secretary-General to provide for a briefing within three months on the progress of the political settlement , including on the status of the draft paper his Special Representative intends to submit to the parties as referred to in paragraph 4 above ; Decides to remain actively seized of the matter .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	46	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of programmes of assistance to the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations decisions relating to decolonization , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly ,
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	29	All these measures have demonstrated the earnest desire of the Indonesian Government to resolve the situation there . We are convinced that the Indonesian Government has the ability to keep the situation under control . Of course , the process of collecting weapons is not without problems , some of which are quite serious .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	98	Ms. Dee sent the rest of the money ( $ 1 million ) to Ms. Chung in Youngland , through an underground banker , Mr. Ezura , in Zeitstaat , who had his counterpart , Ms. Jabbar , in Youngland ( alternative remittance system ) . Ms. Chung paid $ 10 , 000 to Ms. Dee as a fee for her services and spent $ 90 , 000 for her personal pleasure ( gambling , wining and dining , etc. ) , purchased bearer securities amounting to $ 500 , 000 from the security company Midmint Securities and kept $ 400 , 000 in cash in her residence . The bearer securities were kept in a safe deposit box at Handyfunds Bank in Youngland .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	42	The mandate of the Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People for 2008 is contained in General Assembly resolutions 62/80 , 62/81 and 62/82 of 10 December 2007 . It also requested the Committee to continue to keep under review the situation relating to the question of Palestine and to report and make suggestions to the Assembly , the Security Council or the Secretary-General , as appropriate . It requested the Committee to continue to extend its cooperation and support to Palestinian and other civil society organizations and to continue to involve additional civil society organizations in its work in order to mobilize international solidarity and support for the Palestinian people , particularly during this critical period of humanitarian hardship , with the overall aim of promoting the achievement by the Palestinian people of its inalienable rights and a peaceful settlement of the question of Palestine .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	16	We support full autonomy for Karabakh within Azerbaijan . Our priority is diplomacy , but we keep all options on the table when it comes to restoring the full sovereignty of Azerbaijan . Elmar Mammadyarov is the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Azerbaijan .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	32	In facing the mounting challenges , as we have noted , the Afghanistan Compact remains the best framework for cooperation and promise . It is essential to maintain the principle that Afghans keep their part of the commitment in the Compact in fighting corruption , establishing the rule of law and building a culture of respect for human rights , especially women 's rights . They must be encouraged to own the process and take responsibility at this critical stage of consolidating peace after years of war and misery in their recent history .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	31	Encourages all parties to take full advantage of the expertise and readiness of the Mission , within its existing mandate , to support the peace process ; Requests the Secretary-General to keep the Security Council regularly informed of progress towards the implementation of the present resolution and , in particular , to review the activities of the Mission in the light of the elections scheduled for 10 April 2008 , taking into account the views of the Government of Nepal and the developments on the ground ; Requests the parties in Nepal to take the necessary steps to promote the safety , security and freedom of movement of Mission and associated personnel in executing the tasks defined in the mandate ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	40	The Convention 's provisions on assistance for the care , rehabilitation and reintegration of mine victims constitute a vital promise for hundreds of thousands of landmine victims around the world , as well as for their families and communities . Keeping this promise is a crucial responsibility of all States Parties , though first and foremost it is a responsibility of those whose citizens suffer the tragedy of mine accidents This is especially the case for those 22 States Parties where there are vast numbers of victims These States Parties have the greatest responsibility to act , but also the greatest needs and expectations for assistance The Convention obliges all States Parties in a position to do to respond . Recognizing the solemn trust they owe to mine victims throughout the world , and emphasizing the crucial role to be played by international and regional organizations , international financial institutions , non-governmental and other organizations , the States Parties will actively support care , rehabilitation and reintegration needs of landmine victims during the period 2005- In particular :
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	45	But we also acknowledge the Secretary-General 's call this morning to further increase the profile of peace-building . Half , or more than half , of United Nations peacekeeping operations now involve an element of peace-building ; indeed , in many cases , trying to keep the peace without taking further steps to cement peace and reduce the chance of the conflict resuming would simply fail to address the problem and would be an inefficient use of scarce resources . Peace-building is currently playing an essential role in peace operations in my own region : in East Timor ; in the Papua New Guinea island of Bougainville , where the United Nations maintains a Political Office ; and in Solomon Islands , where an International Peace Monitoring Team has been deployed under the terms of the Townsville Peace Agreement .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	32	“ First , I advise him not to do that ; it would be a major mistake on his part . It would demand that we take a series of steps to keep in our hands areas essential for us. ” In such a case , would he annex the settlements and security zones ? “ Certainly .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	71	This attitude erodes the spirit , the intentions , and the conclusions that prevailed among the nations of the entire world when they met in Switzerland and Tunisia during the World Summit on the Information Society . The World Summit on the Information Society strongly urged States , when building the information society , to take the necessary measures to avoid and refrain from adopting unilateral measures that were not in keeping with international law and the Charter of the United Nations , prevented the full achievement of the economic and social development of the population of the countries affected or adversely affected the well-being of their citizens . The discussion in the General Assembly about developments in the field of information and telecommunications in the context of international security is very pertinent and its timeliness and importance increase every day .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	61	Criteria are created from experiential and expert analysis , as well as from examination of Governments or organizations judged to be highly effective over time . It is not assumed that there is only one path to achieving the conditions described by each criterion ; rather , the assumption is that each Government or organization will pursue a strategy most in keeping with its own political and economic environment . In other words , an implicit part of the assessment concerns the extent to which the units analysed use the resources available to them .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	29	Senegal was committed to finding a lasting solution in that regard . Another challenge concerned the implementation of international commitments in the economic and financial arenas ; States must keep their related promises . Financing for development was a fundamental pillar in that regard , particularly in view of the upcoming Follow-up International Conference on Financing for Development to Review the Implementation of the Monterrey Consensus .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	72	China has always believed that the relevant resolutions of the United Nations , the principle of land for peace , the Quartet Road Map and the Arab Peace Initiative constitute the basis for the resolution of the Middle East issue. The establishment through political negotiations of an independent Palestinian State living side by side in peace with Israel remains the only way to resolve the question of Palestine . That is in keeping with the basic interests of both Palestine and Israel , as well as of all the countries of the Middle East region . We hope that the Quartet will soon produce a new initiative to promote the implementation of the Road Map , so as to achieve peace and stability in the region as soon as possible .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	33	They expressed their support for efforts to be continued within the UN to explore further the issue of missiles in all its aspects . In this regard , they emphasised the need to keep the issue under the agenda of the UN General Assembly and that in accordance with its Resolution 59/67 a Panel of Governmental Experts on the issue of missiles in all its aspects would be established in 2007 . Pending the achievement of such a universal mechanism related to delivery systems for weapons of mass destruction , any initiative to address these concerns effectively and in a sustainable and comprehensive manner should be through an inclusive process of negotiations in a forum where all States could participate as equals .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	11	• Proceeds from the Region 's assets . The State shall keep exclusive jurisdiction over the following in particular : • The attributes of sovereignty , especially the flag , the national anthem and the currency ;
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	24	The Government considers that the working group and any sub-groups it may establish should work through to the end of 2005 . It will keep the Security Council informed in that regard through your good offices . 6.6 The Hague Code of Conduct against Ballistic Missile Proliferation
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	64	Panama hails the way the Security Council has conducted its work over the past year and continues to believe that this important United Nations organ be composed of a larger number of members . However , as we did at the fifty-sixth session of the General Assembly , we stress today that consideration of permanent or non-permanent status must be linked to justifications in keeping with the new vision of the world and that changes must not be introduced that could lead to the permanent distribution of privileges that became manifestly obsolete years ago . Like the rest of the world , we are concerned at the situation in the Middle East , in neighbouring Colombia and in many other parts of the world where international support is still being anxiously awaited .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	52	For example , even if no notification of the assignment is given to the debtor of the receivable , payment might actually be made to or received by the assignee . Given the purpose of the security right in the receivable , it is more efficient that the assignee be entitled to keep the payment , applying it to a reduction of the assignor 's obligation . Similarly , if payment is made to the assignor after the assignment has been made , and again regardless of whether the debtor of the receivable has received notice , the assignor should be required to remit the payment received to the assignee .
keep%2:40:09::	keep.v	83	Interviews by OIOS revealed that the Deputy Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Pillar IV ( Reconstruction ) , upon learning of the missing funds , had in fact asked the senior staff member 's successor , the then-Chairman of the KEK Supervisory Board , to dispatch a letter of this kind . OIOS subsequently inquired into the possibility of whether this letter may have served as a warning , inadvertently or intentionally , to Mr. Trutschler , causing him to seek to keep his ill-gotten gains by transferring them to an offshore environment . OIOS document analysis of banking records also revealed that Mr. Trutschler had transferred $ 200 , 000 from his KEC Ltd account in Gibraltar through KT Systems Ltd , another company he established in Gibraltar , to the Bank of Nova Scotia in Ontario , Canada , to the benefit of an account held by his successor as the Chairman of the KEK Supervisory Board , a Canadian national and fellow staff member of the UNMIK reconstruction pillar ( “ the successor ” ) .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	59	It was disappointing that it had proved impossible to address successfully the issues of whether the draft comprehensive convention on international terrorism would apply to national liberation movements and of the extent to which military activities would be excluded from the offences it covered . It was essential that agreement on the convention should be reached on terms in keeping with existing international legal instruments negotiated under the auspices of the United Nations and its subsidiary bodies . The adoption of a comprehensive convention which filled the gaps in the international legal framework relating to acts of terrorism would be a very positive step , provided it upheld the principles developed over decades of work .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	26	The first Iraqi Government elected under the new Constitution was formed last June . This represents a culmination of the transitional political process which is in keeping with the transitional administrative law approved by the Security Council in resolution 1546 ( 2004 ) . However , this progress has been overshadowed by the seriousness of the tense internal situation , a lack of security and widespread violations of human rights due to intensive violence and grave terrorist acts , making it incumbent on the Government , indeed the entire Iraqi people , to make a national dialogue a top priority so as to promote national reconciliation and overcome the intercommunal strife and escalating violence which afflict Iraq and have led to one of the worst humanitarian crises in the world today .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	27	The next three sections would be considered during the week of 13 October , and the last three sections in the week of 20 October . In keeping with previous practice , stakeholders are welcome to make available in writing any contributions they deem appropriate , which should be addressed to the facilitators , with a copy to the Financing for Development Office , indicating their wish to have them posted on the Financing for Development Web site . Forthcoming official meetings
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	47	Some of these delegations were of the view that the words within square brackets in the first sentence were acceptable and that it could be an idea to specifically point out that the information must be given in a timely manner . A minority of delegations suggested keeping the words within square brackets because of the fact that it could be useful to state these obligations explicitly . One delegation wished to delete only the second sentence of the article .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	50	Also requests the Administrator to ensure that any proposed decision submitted to the Executive Board by the United Nations Development Programme that is expected to affect the Financial Regulations and Rules be accompanied by the proposed revised text of the relevant regulation and/or rule ; Further requests the Administrator to keep the financial regulations under active review , including with regard to taking into account any adjustment that may facilitate the implementation of the United Nations Development Assistance Framework , and to consult accordingly with members of the Executive Board ; Requests the Administrator to transmit to the Consultative Committee on Administrative Questions ( Financial and Budgetary Questions ) the changes in terminology introduced through the present decision and to inform the Executive Board of the comments of the Committee ;
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	37	You could n't on the one hand decry the arts and at the same time practice them , could you ? Well , yes , perhaps in literature , since you could argue that you could n't keep silent about your feelings against literature and so were involved in spite of yourself . But now music too ?
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	91	The ICTY judge who also demits office on 17 November 2007 at the same time as the ICJ judge and after precisely the same years of service , will only receive a pension of $ 50 , 000.00 , the ceiling set in article 1 ( 2 ) ( g ) of annex II , but which , be it remembered , is reached in the shorter period of eight years . This is the biggest disparity in the pensions — $ 38 , 000.00 ; it is clearly not in keeping with the statutory requirement that the conditions of service of the ICTY judge be the same as those of the ICJ judge ; both judges have earned the same monthly , yearly and aggregate salary over the same period . Of course , the disparity is even greater for the vast majority of ICTY judges whose service did not commence prior to 1 January 1999 .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	55	The fact that most reports came from countries with extensive record-keeping systems suggests that any patterns in the data may have more to do with recording and reporting variables than actual occurrences , and the experts therefore have not relied upon those data . However , the fact that a problem exists in States that keep detailed records does suggest that the lack of data may mask the fact that similar problems exist in States that do not keep records . It is also possible that the countries that did have records , being relatively industrialized , may have larger explosives-manufacturing industries , and hence larger quantities that could be targeted by criminals .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	25	The United Nations concentrates its efforts on devising a harmonized international framework that ensures effectiveness , efficiency and continuous improvement . The United Nations should keep playing a central role in these well established mechanisms of international counter-terrorism cooperation . Greater interaction and complementary cooperation between the Security Council and the General Assembly should be continuously promoted to ensure synergy in the efforts of the United Nations to counter the threat of terrorism .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	53	During this period he received no compensation from his employer . 2.5 In 1981 , while his leg was increasingly painful , the author consulted a specialist in Melbourne who recommended an operation. The author was operated in 1982 and medical costs were paid by the Australian Department of Social Security that allegedly kept all the medical records and doctors ' certificates . The operation did not prove very useful as the author continued to suffer .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	42	It is not too late to achieve the Goals that we set for ourselves for 2015 , but we must redouble our efforts and be efficient in taking specific and coordinated steps . We do not need new commitments ; we must keep the promises that we made . Among the commitments assumed by the most developed economies was the allocation of 0.7 per cent of gross national product to official development assistance .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	71	Furthermore , it was suggested that the carrier 's obligation to carry and deliver the goods was already set out in draft article 5.1 . It was also suggested that , if the provision were to apply to door-to-door transportation , it might need to be redrafted accordingly , since the current text appeared to use maritime transport terminology by its reference to loading , handling , stowing , carrying , keeping , caring for and discharging the goods . A concern was also expressed as to the extension of the corresponding requirement to the entire duration of the door-to-door transportation through the reference to draft article 4.1 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	37	First , with regard to relations with Belgrade , the direct dialogue between Pristina and Belgrade was launched on 14 October 2003 thanks to Mr. Holkeri 's efforts . We welcome that development , which is in keeping with a priority of the international community as well as with the commitment entered into by the parties at the Thessaloniki Summit . Technical working groups must now work on four subjects of common interest .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	106	Reaffirms that any act of enforced disappearance is an offence to human dignity and a grave and flagrant violation of the human rights and fundamental freedoms proclaimed in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights1 and reaffirmed and developed in other international instruments in this field , as well as a violation of the rules of international law ; and that no State shall practise , permit or tolerate enforced disappearances as proclaimed in the Declaration on the Protection of All Persons from Enforced Disappearance ; Urges all Governments to take appropriate legislative or other steps to prevent and suppress the practice of enforced disappearances , in keeping with the Declaration , and to take action to that end at the national and regional levels and in cooperation with the United Nations , including through the provision of technical assistance ; Calls upon Governments to take steps to ensure that , when a state of emergency is introduced , the protection of human rights is ensured , in particular with regard to the prevention of enforced disappearances ;
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	44	The Chairman : I understand that the second proposal , which the representative of the United Kingdom just read out , is still on the floor . Ms. Soni ( Canada ) : I just wanted belatedly to add my voice in support of keeping the text with reference to equitable allocation of time in the context of the other two agenda items . As members will recall here , Canada , during discussion in the First Committee on this matter , suggested that the Disarmament Commission devote its entire session to an examination of its working methods .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	33	It is important to point out that we have had many advances in public policies related to gender , but we have also confronted setbacks . The country has health policies basically in keeping with the conclusions of Cairo and Beijing . We thus established the National Reproductive Health Council through a 1994 decree , which adopted technical standards for pregnancy , natal and post-natal care , reproductive health and guidelines for epidemiological monitoring of maternal health and mortality .
keep%2:40:09::	keep.v	38	The cost is US $ 4 , 300 per dwelling of 78 square metres , barrio infrastructure included . These barrios are integrated , productive and sustainable , and the families in them will be better able to keep their dwellings in a barrio integrated as a community . The programme has succeeded in developing the capacities and social organization of the beneficiaries to make mutual aid effective in such matters as purchases of material and management of the work .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	25	This is a significant development indeed for promoting regional cooperation . Furthermore , we place great importance on joint border cooperation , as evidenced by keeping various agreements . However , border agreements should not in any way be tied to security issues , let alone related to downsizing of the military component of UNTAET 's successor mission .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	44	Cooperation between UNIDO and the Member States must be strengthened to ensure the continuity of programmes that had been started . For its part , Afghanistan had undertaken to meet its financial obligations to UNIDO and had already paid part of its arrears in keeping with the agreed timetable . Mr. Tang Guoqiang ( China ) said that his delegation was pleased to note that in the 2004-2005 biennium , UNIDO had achieved financial stability and had implemented sound internal control ; total technical cooperation figures and project delivery had increased steadily ; the volume of technical cooperation resources had risen by 30 per cent over the previous biennium and project delivery by 18 per cent .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	19	Consideration of the revised working paper submitted by Belarus and the Russian Federation The co-sponsor emphasized the need to keep the proposal on the agenda of the Committee since it might become the basis for further discussions on the issue of the use of force in the light of the 2005 World Summit Outcome . The representative of Belarus , the other co-sponsor , stressed that the advisory opinion of the Court would contribute to the uniform interpretation and application of the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations regarding the use of force and to the strengthening of the mechanisms of the maintenance of international peace and security envisaged by the Charter .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	29	In the Kanyabayonga area , ANC soldiers engaged in looting and in sexual violence against the civilian population . According to information from NGOs , former rebel groups have kept their military weapons in case the transition process fails . The presence of Rwandan soldiers on Congolese soil has been interpreted as one of the reasons why officers of the former RCD/Goma army refused MONUC observers access to some of their cantonment areas .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	The list has been scrutinized by experts of the United Nations Monitoring , Verification and Inspection Commission , who concluded that , on the basis of the limited information given in the annexes , no prohibited items could be identified . They will keep the matter under review and provide a further assessment in the light of any additional information that may become available . ( Signed ) Kofi A. Annan
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	71	The views varied , however , as to whether the clause within square brackets should be entirely retained , as suggested by some , or limited only to the first phrase ( “ unless it is manifest and clear that the party does not have a place of business at such location ” ) , as proposed by others . A third suggestion was that the two phrases should not be kept as cumulative conditions , in view of the great difficulty of demonstrating that it was both “ manifest and clear ” that a party did not have its place of business at a certain location and that its indication of a place of business had been made solely for the purposes of triggering or avoiding the application of the convention . Having considered the various comments that had been made , the Working Group generally felt that it should consider further the provisions dealing with the location of the parties and that , for that purpose , the various elements currently contained in the draft paragraph could be tentatively retained .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	39	Introduction This report is submitted in compliance with the request of the Security Council contained in the statement issued by its President on 26 September 2001 ( S/PRST/2001/25 ) , in which the Council requested me to continue to keep it regularly informed of the situation in the Central African Republic and the activities of the United Nations Peacebuilding Support Office in the Central African Republic ( BONUCA ) . This report follows up on the interim report of 19 October 2006 on the Central African Republic ( S/2006/828 ) . It covers the period from November to December 2006 and summarizes the situation in its political , socio-economic , humanitarian and security aspects and with regard to human rights .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	32	In the light of the above , the Council may wish to consider the following recommendations : ( a ) The Council may wish to encourage the functional commissions to continue to keep their working methods under review . In particular , it may wish to encourage the Commission on the Status of Women to complete its in-depth review of its working methods , encourage the Commission for Social Development to proceed with such a review as soon as possible , and also invite the Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice to assess its working methods .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	47	Furthermore , community stakeholders must mobilize support for peaceful and active participation in consultations on the electoral process and constantly report any irregularities . The process of inclusion in and consultation on the independent national electoral commission must begin in the first quarter of 2009 , in keeping with the recommendations of the most recent follow-up report on the Strategic Framework for Peacebuilding in Burundi of 9 July 2008 . It is the responsibility of the Government to create an environment conducive to the full exercise of political rights and civil liberties , in particular the freedom of opinion and expression .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	58	At the same time , 571 million slum-dwellers in the region — more than half of the world 's total — are experiencing the cumulative impact of an oversupply of labour , tenure insecurity , poor infrastructure , pollution and congestion . If this challenge goes unmet , economic growth will be offset by increasingly high costs to keep urban centres functioning , which will place the Millennium Development Goals a little further out of reach in many Asian countries . Slum areas , the physically and institutionally underdeveloped sites where most of the urban poor reside , create multiple challenges for their inhabitants .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	38	Television networks and independent press reports have provided coverage of the situation in the occupied Arab territories , which offers clear evidence of the heinous acts carried out by the Israeli troops . These acts are not in keeping with the conduct of a modern , civilized country and a Member of the United Nations . In recent days , Israeli troops have savagely pursued their operation to liquidate the Palestinian population , particularly in the Jenin refugee camp , where Israeli forces are doing everything possible to hide the inhuman nature of their crimes .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	22	Counselling services were available to assist the young and disadvantaged and promote local-level projects for unskilled workers . Such efforts were in keeping with his Government 's commitment to building a modern society based on a human rights-based development policy and to cooperating with international partners to ensure sustainable economic development and full and productive employment for all . Mr. Thiebou ( Netherlands ) recalled that Eleanor Roosevelt had highlighted the need to give more attention to the problems of youth but 70 years later , and 60 years after the adoption of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights , despite progress made , many challenges remained .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	32	Country programmes and related matters The Deputy Executive Director ( Programme ) introduced the first country programme outlines developed under the new harmonized procedures for the approval of country programmes , in keeping with decision 2001/11 of the Executive Board . The effort to simplify and harmonize was also in keeping with General Assembly resolution 56/201 .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	63	There are , toward a payment , successive manual data entries , of : claims data in one database ; payment method in the Claims Payment Management System database ( CPMS ) ; miscellaneous obligations numbers generated by the Integrated Management Information System ( IMIS , which the Board has separately audited in several occasions ) ; suspension status ; IMIS obligation number kept in a third , Excel database to create payment requests in IMIS in the “ payment phase ” ; modified amount ( in case payment amount is different from obligation amount ) to create payment request in IMS ; refunds in CPMS . The process involves two databases and additional spreadsheet-based sources : IMIS as an accounting system , the payment management system designed for the follow-up of claims , and ad hoc spreadsheet files are kept by each staff member .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	45	The delegation found that in some cases , although the prisoner had been examined and treated , the medical record was of poor quality with omission of essential data ; in one case no medical record even existed . The SPT underlines that good record keeping is an essential part of the medical element in the protection of the physical integrity of persons deprived of their liberty . All cases of injuries should be registered , not only in the patient 's individual case record , but also in an incident register that should go to the director .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	44	Both in the case of women and men , the name to be used after marriage is determined in a statement made before the registrar . The spouses may carry the same name - hitherto used by one of them , each spouse may keep his/her old name , or he/she may add his/her spouse 's name to his/her own . If no relevant statement is made before the registrar , each of the spouses keeps the name used previously .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	46	Participation in the Economic and Social Council and its subsidiary bodies and/or conferences and other United Nations meetings FIMITIC was conscious of the privilege of being in relationship with Economic and Social Council and the United Nations system , which is the sole institution empowered to keep peace in the world and without peace no social progress will ever be possible . Through its network , FIMITIC disseminated Resolutions , Decisions and other texts adopted by the United Nations and was able to bring to public attention the voices of disadvantaged groups of physically disabled people who have not at their disposal the means or can not make their voices heard .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	38	2003 : “ A voice of our own ” and “ 2003 - European Year of people with disability ” . 2004 : “ Nothing about Us without Us ” , “ Helping people with disabilities find and keep jobs ” and “ Creating the conditions to promote the Employment of People with disabilities . 2005 : “ Rights of Persons with Disabilities : Action in Development ” and “ Living together in Society ” .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	31	Abdul Wahid 's people , most of them Furs , the largest African tribe of Darfur , stood aside , but they have not reverted to fighting either . They have kept the earlier agreement that they had signed , so we have to bring them on board . That is the first condition for bringing the DPA out of its coma .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	71	`` Litigants and witnesses were put to the expense and inconvenience of going long distances to transact business ; public money spent ; justice delayed ; nothing accomplished , and the whole distribution of justice in this county seems to be an absolute farce '' . Word reached the company that the man behind these depredations was Manuel Gonzales , a man with many followers , including a number who were kept in line through fear of him . Although wanted by the sheriff for killing an old man named Asher Jones , the warrant for his arrest had never been served .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	38	Since Mrs. Calhoun remembered only that the marriage had been in the spring , he started to plod through several months . He tried to turn right to the society page in each one , but interesting stories kept cropping up to distract him . At last he found it in the paper of April 2 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	72	Where the arms trade is concerned , the weapons and munitions marketing unit is an agency of the General Directorate of the Military Industry and was established under a decree published in the Diario Oficial on 11 April 1995 . This decree empowered the unit to market weapons , munitions and ancillary equipment for public security bodies , private businesses , individuals and persons engaged in sporting and hunting activities , in keeping with the Federal Firearms and Explosives Act . What other measures are taken to ensure the implementation of these principles ?
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	51	Certain private and government pension plans also provide financial incentives for early retirement or disincentives for working beyond the standard retirement age . The above-mentioned report on the impact of the aging population supports a new concept of retirement whereby retirement is defined by a person 's desire and ability to keep working rather than by age . Article 7 : Right to just and favourable working conditions
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	23	There was nevertheless no mention of such authorization in the register . According to the officer-in-charge of this office , such authorization was kept with the investigators ' files on the suspects . It was also argued that most of these persons had not been formally detained , i.e. held in cells , but simply interrogated in the investigators ' offices .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	38	It also means that the international community must be generous with its support for the economic programmes of rehabilitation . Without this , combatants could be driven , by the fear of destitution if nothing else , to keep their arms . Over the past 50 years , small arms have become enormously more lethal , the average assault rifle now laying down the volume of fire of early machine guns .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	83	As a member of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe , Kazakhstan hoped that the OSCE summit which was to be held shortly in Istanbul would provide an opportunity for strengthening the partnership with the European countries so as to regulate the flow of refugees . Kazakhstan was a party to the 1951 Convention relating to the Status of Refugees and the protocol thereto of 1967 , and it was in the process of preparing national legislation which would be in keeping with the provisions of that instrument ; its bureau for population and migration was working to implement the presidential decree on the main goals of the migration policy until the year 2005 . While commending the actions of the UNHCR Office in Kazakhstan , he said that it should place greater emphasis on projects designed to produce concrete results and using its financial resources more effectively .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	32	That is why France is ready to support ail initiatives that will enhance the mobilization of the international community on behalf of those goals . It is also up to us to keep our word . The States members of the European Union have demonstrated their resolve to make every effort to devote 0.7 per cent of their gross national income by 2015 to official development assistance .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	45	Secondly , the report faithfully reflects the international community 's concern at the lack of a collective vision for the elimination of threats . In that context , the Secretary-General 's proposed new security consensus — that whatever threatens one threatens all — is in keeping with our view of how threats and challenges should be dealt with , as described by our President at the Millennium Summit in 2000 ( see A/55/PV.7 ) . We believe , however , that the recommendations relating to the adoption of a Security Council resolution setting out principles for the use of force require further discussion , as do the principles themselves , because Member States are very concerned about that issue .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	33	Heads of State and Government equally provided us with a concise , focused and realistic blueprint for action by the United Nations in the twenty-first century . They have charged the Secretary-General to keep a score-card , the results of which will determine whether we have been true and honourable custodians of the United Nations Charter . It is imperative for us to demonstrate individually , and through our collective efforts , that we can leave for succeeding generations the kind of world envisioned in our Charter .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	60	This means that more than 100 million have no vital touch with the church or religious life '' , he told delegates Friday . Talking of the rapid population growth ( upwards of 12000 babies born daily ) with an immigrant entering the United States every 1 - 1 2 minutes , he said `` our organization has not been keeping pace with this challenge '' . `` In 35 years we have opened 7000 churches '' , the Rev. Mr. Brandt said , adding that the denomination had a national goal of one church for every 10000 persons .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	28	The Hungarian Atomic Energy Authority is responsible for obtaining and verifying records . In addition , a special legislative measure has been introduced on central and local record keeping of radioactive material in 2004 , Decree 33/2004 issued by the Ministry of Interior . The decree is in conformity with Euratom Directive 2003/122 on controls of high activity radioactive sources .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	66	Consideration should therefore be given to setting up a system whereby all suspected cases of illegal or irregular behaviour should be reported to OIOS and the Office of Human Resources Management , which could then determine , in consultation with the programme managers , the most appropriate means of investigation according to the nature of the case . Such a system of mandatory reporting and record keeping would not only minimize conflicts of interest but also assist in the development of strategies to address patterns of misconduct at a system-wide level . Ms. Thorpe ( Australia ) , speaking also on behalf of Canada and New Zealand , said that the delegations on whose behalf she spoke supported the approach described in the report and encouraged OIOS to continue its good work in that area .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	46	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of programmes of assistance to the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations resolutions and decisions relating to decolonization , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly ,
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	57	The final third of the lump sum is held against the possibility of the trial stage running longer than earlier anticipated , when it can be used to provide additional monthly instalments . The holding of one third is intended to support the defence in the efficient utilization of resources and to provide a strong motivation to keep the time schedule . If a trial stage terminates ahead of schedule , the defence will still be entitled to the full lump sum ; conversely , if the trial runs a little longer , the defence will not receive additional payments .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	21	In November 1995 , the post of Parliamentary Commissioner for Standards was established for the House of Commons . The Commissioner keeps the Register of Members Interests , advises Members on their conduct and investigates complaints . Following an investigation , the Commissioner advises the Committee on Standards and Privileges on the appropriate course of action in relation to the complaint .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	76	My country supports the call for a review of the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons ( NPT ) with a view to closing loopholes in the Treaty and guaranteeing the right of all States parties to obtain nuclear technology for peaceful purposes . While we favour a Middle East region free from all weapons of mass destruction , we also call on all parties to the current talks on the Iranian nuclear issue to keep the door open to negotiation , since direct dialogue remains the best way of reaching a suitable compromise on pending contested issues . An effective international counter-terrorism strategy requires a balance to be struck between security considerations and respect for human rights conventions .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-fifth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Mission in Ethiopia and Eritrea ” . See resolutions 52/215 A and 54/237 A .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	33	Just count each blot a dodge and add in a few for I do n't dodge every time '' . Another Reb writing under similar circumstances before Atlanta reported : `` The Yankees keep Shooting so I am afraid they will knock over my ink , so I will close '' . The most common type of letter was that of soldier husbands to their wives .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	36	We believe that there is a need for further information on and an understanding of this approach , especially from the perspective of the receiving countries where this approach has been implemented so far . In keeping with the basic principles that guide the work of the United Nations at the country level , we recommend that this approach be implemented at the country level with the consent and under the leadership of the national Government of the affected State . An evaluation of the effectiveness of the cluster approach in enhancing coordination among United Nations agencies , taking into account the financial costs incurred in implementing the approach and incorporating the inputs of the affected States , should be presented to Member States .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	45	Reiterates its firm support for the mission of good offices of the Secretary-General in order to assist the parties in complying with the request made by the General Assembly in its resolutions on the question of the Falkland Islands ( Malvinas ) ; Decides to keep under review the question of the Falkland Islands ( Malvinas ) subject to the directives that the General Assembly has issued and may issue in that regard . Fifty-seventh session
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	21	Invites voluntary contributions to the United Nations Trust Fund established to support the African Union Mission in Somalia ; Decides to keep under review during its sixty-third session the item entitled “ Financing of activities arising from Security Council resolution 1863 ( 2009 ) ” . 79th plenary meeting 7 April 2009
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	72	The industry has so far generated close to 30 , 000 jobs , which represent about 25 per cent of the island 's 120 , 000 manufacturing jobs and accounts for nearly 26 per cent of Puerto Rico 's GDP . Some 50 government agencies , including 1 , 500 state schools , were forced to close on 1 May 2006 , as the Government ran out of the funds needed to keep on functioning until the end of the financial year on 30 June . The Governor blamed the crisis on the refusal of PNP to approve legislation creating a 7 per cent tax , which would provide the Government with resources to repay a loan needed to meet the 740-million-dollar shortfall in the budget .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	56	While in these situations the immediate threat of violence is diminished , there is a need to protect or reassert property rights to ensure the effective reintegration of displaced communities along with appropriate support for both local and national reconciliation processes . Unfortunately , over the same period a number of protracted conflicts have continued to keep millions of people displaced and in conditions of great insecurity . The conflict in northern Uganda has continued for over 18 years .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	92	In response to the International Treaties on the economic , social and cultural rights , the Royal Government has provided the conveniences for the concerned institutions to conduct the scientific and cultural research to ensure the exercise of the rights of every one on benefiting from the scientific progress , implementation and promotion . To guarantee the interests mentioned above , the Royal Government has issued a sub decree 62 dated 23 June 1998 which stipulates as follows : Maintain , protect and promote the all achievements that are legally maintained , kept and filed Support the books of all types by providing the conveniences in publication and support its dissemination Make the books available to all people through public reading Manage the libraries in provinces-municipalities Authorize opening and control the libraries of all types ( c ) The sounds related achievements that the producers have the office or permanent residence in Cambodia ;
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	43	At some point , it needs to take steps to protect the people and property of the two sides to the conflict . Maybe it is time to consider disengaging the two conflicting parties by deploying international forces along the 1967 borders to keep the peace while the two parties negotiate a final settlement . I urge the Security Council to do everything in its power to stop the bloodshed and help the region to achieve a comprehensive peace .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	94	Part of the military force that seized the town 10 years earlier , he considers it his duty . “ It was our dream to liberate Lachin , ” he explains , “ and when I heard that there were schools in the liberated territories that needed specialists , I decided to move ” “ While those who once lived here could say they that were fighting for their birthplace , ” he continues , “ they could not say that they were fighting for their historical motherland… ” Irkoyan adds that he even keeps the photograph of the former occupants of the home he has since rebuilt . “ They looked like normal people , ” he admits… The sound of construction work can be heard throughout Lachin and there are even two markets , dozens of small shops , and a café… In contrast , Calouste , a 39-year-old former computer programmer from … Yerevan who opened a grocery store in Lachin four years ago , says that if there were enough Armenian goods to sell , he would n't stock a single imported item .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	109	I wish to respond to a comment made by the distinguished representative of Russia , echoed by the representative of France , regarding the role of the United Nations in ensuring that elections take place as planned . While we all recognize that the primary responsibility for creating an enabling environment lies with the leaders in Guinea-Bissau , I believe it will be expected of us to remain vigilant , to monitor the situation as it evolves and to continue to support the efforts of the national leaders as they forge ahead making preparations for the elections in the time frame they have been given and ensuring that they keep their commitment to the deadline they have established . We also believe that the subregional leaders will continue to support the efforts of the leaders of Guinea-Bissau and to hold them to their commitments keep to the deadlines established to hold the elections .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	53	The Secretary-General indicated in his response that a system of inventory management would be implemented by the fourth quarter of 2008 and that inventory activities in the missions noted above were ongoing ( A/62/784 , paras . 35 and 36 ) . The Advisory Committee agrees with the Board that inadequate inventory record keeping carries with it an inherent risk of financial loss to the Organization and will continue to scrutinize asset management matters during its consideration of matters related to peacekeeping operations , as well as of the Logistics Base and the support account . The Committee looks forward to receiving an update by the Board in the context of its review of peacekeeping operations for the period 2007/08 .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	50	Other views expressed were that paragraph 2 should be deleted with the figures in paragraph 1 as contained in A/CN.9/WG.III/WP.101 , because that formed part of the provisional package compromise . Another view expressed was to increase the figures in paragraph 1 as contained in the proposal , but to keep Variant B . A different view expressed was that national law should regulate the contents of paragraph 2 .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	37	In 1986 the Dutch government introduced a comprehensive package of measures to combat educational disadvantage , replacing less structured policies pursued earlier . This comprehensive Educational Priority Policy ( OVB ) targeted pupils who were failing to keep up at school because of their socio-economic , cultural or ethnic backgrounds . Schools with a high proportion of children from such backgrounds were given extra resources .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	55	Welcomes , in this regard , the accession by New Caledonia to the status of observer in the Pacific Islands Forum , continuing high-level visits to New Caledonia by delegations from countries of the Pacific region and high-level visits by delegations from New Caledonia to countries members of the Pacific Islands Forum ; Decides to keep under continuous review the process unfolding in New Caledonia as a result of the signing of the Nouméa Accord ; Also decides to continue the examination of the question of the Non-Self-Governing Territory of New Caledonia and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	38	The wholesaler receives a “ certified company cheque ” for $ 50 , 000 and contacts the buyer by e-mail to report the “ error ” . The buyer instructs the seller to simply deposit the cheque , keep the monies owed and wire transfer the balance to an outlet of a money-wire service . Cautious the cheque could be worthless , the seller waits until it clears the bank .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	31	The following speakers have placed themselves on my list for today 's plenary meeting : Ambassador In-kook Park of the Republic of Korea and Mr. Esenli Murat of Turkey . In keeping with usual practice , before concluding the work of the Conference I shall also make some concluding remarks . Before turning to the list of speakers , I would like to extend a cordial welcome to Ambassador Danzannorov Boldbaatar of Mongolia , who has taken up the post of representative of his Government to the Conference .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	35	Recognizing the risks of HIV transmission among drug users , the Hungarian health authorities continue to make significant efforts to address this problem . The data presented clearly indicate that the HIV/AIDS epidemic has been kept at a relatively low level in Hungary from the time of its first detection until now . This has partly been the result of strict epidemiological measures introduced immediately after the appearance of the first HIV-positive cases in 1985 and of the consistent attitude of the Hungarian authorities during this 15-year period .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	86	( a ) Submit a statement of activity , before starting operations , to the Central Bank of Djibouti with a view to obtaining the authorization to do business as provided under existing law , and show proof in that statement of the legal source of the funds needed to set up the establishment ; ( b ) Establish the identity of their clients by requiring the presentation of an original , valid official document bearing a photograph , of which a copy is to be kept , before performing any transaction involving more than one million francs or any transaction conducted under unusually or unnecessarily complicated conditions ; ( c ) Keep a chronological record of all operations , indicating their nature , the amount involved , the full name of the client and the number on the document presented , in an account book numbered and initialled by the competent administrative authority , which must be kept for at least five years after the last operation recorded .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	67	Now , where the father acknowledged paternity , the mother could insist that the name of the child should be decided through a discussion involving both parents , although in practice the views of the father still tended to prevail . The new law also had the effect of encouraging the father to recognize and formalize his relation with the child , which was very much in keeping with the goals of the emancipation policy . With regard to the position of small non-governmental organizations ( NGOs ) , she said that such groups benefited from governmental subsidies in three ways .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	34	And , in the wider reaches of the region , it means continuing our efforts to address the political and security challenges of Afghanistan and Iraq . By the same token , we must keep working for a conclusion to the uncertainty that still hangs over the status of Kosovo , which if unresolved threatens to cast a shadow over regional stability in South-Eastern Europe . So I am glad to join you today for this discussion on a range of issues that no country can resolve on its own — issues which present threats to the security of people around the world and to the entire international community .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	33	Jamaica recently participated in the regional preparatory conference for Latin America and the Caribbean for the Durban Review Conference held in Brasilia from 17 to 19 June 2008 . Both resolutions were in keeping with paragraphs 101 and 102 of the Durban Declaration , aimed at countering the legacy of slavery and contributing to the restoration of the dignity of the victims of slavery and the slave trade . At the national level , the Jamaica National Bicentenary Committee was established to mark the two hundredth anniversary of the abolition of the transatlantic slave trade .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	31	Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations ( A/63/350 ) The President ( spoke in Spanish ) : Next , I would like , in keeping with established practice , to invite the attention of the General Assembly to document A/63/350 . It contains a letter from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the General Assembly , in which he informs the Assembly that seven Member States are in arrears in the payment of their financial contributions to the United Nations within the terms of Article 19 of the Charter .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	36	In general all marriages are automatically out of community of property unless both parties expressly state otherwise in writing as provided in the Marriage Act . Marriages out of community of property allow each person to keep their separate property . Under this arrangement the wife has the legal capacity to administer her own property .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	79	- Requirement for internal audit boards in banks to check control and monitoring systems and make sure that they are effective in dealing with money-laundering operations ; - Development of integrated systems for preserving records , correspondence and data pertaining to unusual banking transactions and those whose value exceeds 10 , 000 Jordanian dinars so as to make it possible to comply with requests by the competent authorities whenever necessary , it being understood that such data should be kept for at least five years from the date of the transaction ; - The requirement that every staff member notify his supervisors immediately in the event that he suspects or discovers a money-laundering operation ; here it must be pointed out that neither the bank nor any of its staff members should draw the client 's attention in any way whatsoever to the fact that the transaction to be carried out is suspected of involving money-laundering ;
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	49	In discussions at the Committee on Trade and Environment in Special Session , WTO members have examined the different components of the mandate . Regarding the definition of “ multilateral environmental agreement ” , some WTO members believe there is a need to define the concept so as to keep it within the boundaries of the mandate ; others do not view this as necessary . Some focus was placed on six multilateral environmental agreements that could contain “ specific trade obligations ” , including the Basel Convention .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	96	The Council considered and took note of the report of the Executive Secretary on the distribution of payments and transparency , and the return of undistributed funds , and requested the secretariat to continue to inform the Council of the reports of Governments and international organizations on the distribution of payments and the return of undistributed funds . The Council considered the payment of environmental claims and noted the presentation made by the Government of Saudi Arabia at the opening plenary meeting of the session on this issue ; the Council recommended that this matter be kept on the agenda of the Governing Council for further consideration . The Council received the fifth report of the F4 Panel of Commissioners , pursuant to Governing Council decision 132 , concerning the tracking of awards made for environmental monitoring and assessment projects .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	79	His delegation had taken part in the twenty-fifth session of the Committee on Information and in the drafting of the resolution reflecting the changes made in the Department , which he hoped would be adopted at the end of the general debate . Those changes must be commensurate with the aspirations and concerns of the Member States with regard to the definition of United Nations information goals , in order to arrive at an information policy that was in keeping with the spirit of the times and consistent with countries ' need for reliable , objective information . Constructive cooperation between the Committee on Information and the Department of Public Information must be strengthened and made more transparent so that the Committee was free to fulfil its mandate .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	91	“ The Security Council welcomes the Secretary-General 's briefing on 18 April 2006 on Chad/Sudan relations and endorses his deep concerns over the political and security situation and the instability along Chad 's borders with the Sudan , as well as over the possible spillover effects of these crises on neighbouring countries and the entire region . The Security Council encourages the Secretary-General to continue his consultations with relevant parties , in particular the African Union , on the matter and requests him to closely follow the situation and continue to keep the Security Council informed . “ The Security Council welcomes the fact-finding mission dispatched by the African Union in Chad and looks forward to its conclusions .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	44	( c ) Encourage States parties to the convention to establish , when necessary , the requisite legal bases for the provision of mutual legal assistance necessary for international cooperation in the aforementioned areas . The necessary procedures for that purpose should be in keeping with the principles of reciprocity and dual criminal liability . Liability of legal persons
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-sixth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Mission in Ethiopia and Eritrea ” . 92nd plenary meeting 24 December 2001
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	68	In the case of the implementation of disarmament agreements , technologies for deconstructing surplus armaments and ammunition down to their components , to be reused as secondary raw materials in industry , are used in the process of deconstruction and destruction of armaments and ammunition . Open detonation is used only to destroy the ammunition components not deconstructed for security reasons , and the level of contamination is kept within the limits prescribed by law . Pollution of water , land and air is monitored in the area in which deconstruction and destruction capacities are located .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	78	The fact that most reports came from countries with extensive record-keeping systems suggests that any patterns in the data may have more to do with recording and reporting variables than actual occurrences , and the experts therefore have not relied upon those data . However , the fact that a problem exists in States that keep detailed records does suggest that the lack of data may mask the fact that similar problems exist in States that do not keep records . It is also possible that the countries that did have records , being relatively industrialized , may have larger explosives-manufacturing industries , and hence larger quantities that could be targeted by criminals .
keep%2:40:09::	keep.v	63	With the increased mobility of both capital and labour , combined with high unemployment rates and a shrinking share of workers covered by collective bargaining agreements , workers generally have less bargaining power in negotiations with employers . This situation has led to concession bargaining , where workers are willing to accept cutbacks in wages , benefits and working conditions in exchange for keeping their jobs . Although there have been some positive signs as well , such as the increase in the number of transnational labour agreements with multinational enterprises , the balance of power largely rests on the side of employers .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	21	China , Bangladesh , Egypt and the Islamic Republic of Iran supported its deletion . Several delegations and non-governmental organizations advised keeping the text in brackets “ or unlikely to bring effective relief ” , which is agreed language from the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women , the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities , the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel , Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment and the International Convention on the Protection of the Rights of All Migrant Workers and Members of Their Families . Canada , the United States and China preferred its deletion .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	79	The Committee recalled that , in its resolution 54/237 B , the General Assembly decided that the Committee on Contributions should not consider further the question of redeemable peacekeeping certificates . The Committee recalled that , in an earlier opinion , the Legal Counsel had concluded that the proposal that Member States in arrears should be ineligible for election to committees and other bodies is not a sanction provided for in the Charter and would therefore not be in keeping with Article 19 . In view of the legal and political issues involved , the Committee decided to consider this proposal further only if the General Assembly requested it to do so .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	45	Reiterates its firm support for the mission of good offices of the Secretary-General in order to assist the parties in complying with the request made by the General Assembly in its resolutions on the question of the Falkland Islands ( Malvinas ) ; Decides to keep under review the question of the Falkland Islands ( Malvinas ) subject to the directives that the General Assembly has issued and may issue in that regard . Chapter XIII
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	55	The maintenance of strategic and tactical nuclear forces and their continued modernization , as well as new military doctrines setting out the rationale for their possible use , particularly against non-nuclear-weapon States , represent the greatest threat to mankind . The Non-Proliferation Treaty ( NPT ) does not provide the right for nuclear-weapon States to keep their nuclear arsenals indefinitely . They have obligations under article VI of the NPT , which have yet to be fulfilled .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	75	This is corroborated by an analysis of the objective of the Security Council : if this body aimed at putting an end to atrocities , why should the Commission confine itself to the material perpetrators , given that those who bear the greatest responsibility normally are the persons who are in command , and who either plan or order crimes , or knowingly condone or acquiesce in their perpetration ? This interpretation is also in keeping with the wording of the same paragraph in other official languages . It is true that in many cases a superior may not be held to have taken part in the crimes of his or her subordinates , in which case he or she would not be regarded as a perpetrator or author of those crimes .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	93	Decides to extend the mandate of UNOMIG for a new period terminating on 31 January 2001 , subject to a review by the Council of the mandate of UNOMIG in the event of any changes that may be made in the mandate or in the presence of the CIS peacekeeping force , and expresses its intention to conduct a thorough review of the operation at the end of its current mandate , in the light of steps taken by the parties to achieve a comprehensive settlement ; Requests the Secretary-General to continue to keep the Council regularly informed and to report three months from the date of the adoption of this resolution on the situation in Abkhazia , Georgia ; Decides to remain actively seized of the matter .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	37	The mission was informed by some of the children who had escaped from LRA camps about further risks of abuse and exploitation in the Sudan before escapees reach the Juba transit centre . Boys are reportedly sometimes kept by the military to serve as family servants , while girls are sometimes abducted by individual soldiers for use as sexual partners . The Sudanese Humanitarian Aid Commission ( see below ) acknowledged this risk and requested the support of international organizations in order to address the problem .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	67	112 , para. According to the Statute , the Assembly shall meet once a year and , when circumstances so require , hold special sessions ( art . 112 , para. Pursuant to rule 37 of the draft Rules of the Assembly of States Parties ( PCNICC/2001/L.4/Add.4 ) , it is envisaged that a secretariat would be responsible for receiving , translating , reproducing , distributing and keeping custody of documents and decisions of the Assembly , the Bureau and any subsidiary bodies that may be established by the Assembly , as well as providing interpretation . Thus , the secretariat will be involved in the substantive servicing of meetings and preparing pre-session , in-session and post-session documentation .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	46	After it has been seen , have the child start on a mat on hands and knees ( a thin , inexpensive mat is quite sufficient for anything that does not require falling ) . He places the hands on either side of the head , keeping the chin down on the chest . He then pushes his seat into the air and the teacher guides it over .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	58	You 'll foil them in droves , along with their pal humidity , by having and using a kitchen range exhaust fan , a bathroom ventilator for when you shower , and an outside vent for the clothes drier . It 's no use pretending that all conditioners are quiet , but the noise they produce can be kept to a minimum . Good workmanship is important in the installation , so if you 're doing your own contracting , do n't award the job on the basis of price alone .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	31	She also recommended that “ the Council should therefore be kept continually and fully aware of humanitarian concerns , including child-specific concerns , in its actions to resolve conflicts , to keep or to enforce peace or to implement peace agreements. ” ( A/51/306 , para. 282 ) A year later , Mr. Olara Otunnu was appointed Special Representative for Children and Armed Conflict , and both his Office and UNICEF have worked hard to push this issue .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	61	It was to be hoped that that would put an end to the discussion of the possibility of providing a more generous package of benefits , along the lines of that offered by the United Nations funds and programmes , to military and police personnel and civilian staff serving in peacekeeping operations . At the same time , the Commission should keep under review the entitlements of staff of funds and programmes serving in the field , so as to bring any unjustified increase to the attention of the General Assembly . His delegation had noted the Commission 's intention to continue its review of the methodology for determining the level of the education grant and to pursue its consideration of job evaluation standards for the General Service and related categories .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	46	Consistent with the practice of past Meetings of the States Parties , the Coordinating Committee shall be chaired by the President elected by the Review Conference until the States Parties elect a subsequent President . The chair of the Coordinating Committee will continue the practice of keeping the States Parties apprised of the Coordinating Committee 's functioning . The following States Parties shall serve as the Standing Committee Co-Chairs and Co-Rapporteurs until the end of the next Meeting of the States Parties :
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	38	Turkey believes that , with the support of UNIPSIL and the international community , the Sierra Leonean Government will be able to effectively surmount those obstacles . In that vein , we call on the international community to keep supporting Sierra Leone as it successfully navigates the challenges and difficulties that it faces . I now resume my functions as President of the Council .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	71	Approaches have been made to donors , but as yet no response has been received ; As far as 2009 is concerned , there will be a deficit for the whole year . This means that the current operational structure of US $ 5 million will be maintained and it is estimated that once the National Human Development Plan has been concluded US $ 400 , 000 will be required to keep a reduced demining operational front running to deal with reports of UXOs and their destruction in 2010 . The deadline for Nicaragua to comply with its obligation to destroy all mines planted in its territory within 10 years of the entry into force of the Convention expires in May 2009 .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	34	The basic version of the budget is presented in United States dollars in compliance with United Nations regulations ; some 92 per cent of the expenditure is processed in Swiss francs . Accounts are kept in both currencies , as implied by the statutes and financial rules of both the United Nations and WTO . The Centre is handicapped by the limitations of the old general accounting system , the dual-currency accounting requiring time-consuming manual adjustments .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	48	The Working Group considered draft recommendations relating to four communications prepared by the respective case rapporteurs and reviewed the status of four other communications , including one that had been registered intersessionally . The Working Group discussed the issue of follow-up to views on communications. It agreed to keep under review the question of follow-up to views . The Working Group took the following actions :
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	41	Its judgements may be enforced by power of compulsion under the legally established circumstances and conditions , and failure to comply with them is regarded as a crime ( arts. 72 , 115 and 178 of the Constitution ) . In keeping with the aforesaid constitutional precepts and principles of law , and pursuant to the recommendations made by the National Conference on Women and the General Conference for National Dialogue , the relevant authorities are currently considering the following legislative matters : Within the context of efforts to resolve the problem of the nationality of a child born to an Egyptian mother and a foreign father , the Minister of Education issued a decree ( No. 353 ) on 20 December 1994 exempting immigrant students who are the offspring of divorced or widowed Egyptian mothers and who could demonstrate need from the payment of fees in State schools , thereby according them the same treatment as Egyptian nationals .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	49	We consider such principles to be embodied in International Accounting Standards , as established by the International Accounting Standards Board . Adoption of International Accounting Standards would place the Court in the forefront of best practice and ensure maximum transparency in its financial affairs : qualities which are in keeping with the overall aims of the Court . We have advised the Court that consideration should be given to establishing a clear set of accounting policies and the overall format of the financial statements as soon as possible .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	81	Those actions , nearly 10 years after the implementation of the Dayton-Paris accords began , demonstrate the authorities ' resolve to ensure the effective implementation of the commitments undertaken in those agreements . Despite all that progress , however , we must once again express the hope that full cooperation develops with the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia , particularly with regard to bringing Radovan Karadzic and Ratko Mladic before the Tribunal and the need to implement legislation in keeping with the principles of community institutions in specific areas , such as police reform . In that connection , we have confidence in the authorities ' commitment to resolve outstanding issues so that the transition can finally be made from the country 's “ Dayton era ” to its “ Brussels era ” .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	89	Requests the Committee to continue to exert all efforts to promote the realization of the inalienable rights of the Palestinian people , to support the Middle East peace process and to mobilize international support for and assistance to the Palestinian people , and authorizes the Committee to make such adjustments in its approved programme of work as it may consider appropriate and necessary in the light of developments and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session and thereafter ; Requests the Committee to continue to keep under review the situation relating to the question of Palestine and to report and make suggestions to the General Assembly , the Security Council or the Secretary-General , as appropriate ; Requests the Committee to continue to extend its cooperation and support to Palestinian and other civil society organizations in order to mobilize international solidarity and support for the achievement by the Palestinian people of its inalienable rights and for a peaceful settlement of the question of Palestine , and to involve additional civil society organizations in its work ;
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	46	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of programmes of assistance to the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations resolutions and decisions relating to decolonization , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly ,
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	44	Members will recall that in the completion strategy that I introduced on 9 October 2003 ( S/PV.4838 ) , we envisaged that by the end of 2003 or early 2004 the ICTR would have completed 15 judgements involving 21 accused . That promise was kept . Consequently , the four judges whose terms of office were extended by resolution 1482 ( 2003 ) have all left the Tribunal .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	53	Problems and weaknesses of development and democracy have been important ingredients in the conflicts that have arisen and the conflicts in turn have derailed development , and not only in the countries immediately involved . As the security situation in the region deteriorated , international assistance had to be channelled increasingly into peace keeping and humanitarian activities rather than longer-term development programmes . Bilateral and multilateral flows of ODA to Africa declined from $ 23.4 billion in 1994 to $ 15.3 billion in 1999 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	104	The international community should deal with human rights in an equitable and non-discriminatory manner and , to this end , show due respect and regard for the implications of national and regional particularities and differing historical , cultural and religious backgrounds . The exploitation of human rights for the achievement of political and economic objectives is incompatible with the Charter and principles of the United Nations which , in particular , call for recognition of , and full respect for , the principle of the inviolability of the sovereignty and independence of States and the principle of non-interference in their internal affairs , in keeping with the spirit and the aims of the Universal Declaration . The utmost importance should be attached to the principles of objectivity , non-selectivity and transparency in order to promote and encourage respect for human rights .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	44	Invites voluntary contributions to the Transitional Administration in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-sixth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Transitional Administration in East Timor ” . 92nd plenary meeting 24 December 2001
keep%2:31:00::	keep.v	25	Statement on the electoral process in Burundi issued on 19 July 2004 by the Presidency on behalf of the European Union The European Union is keeping a close watch on the development of the peace process in Burundi . The establishment of the United Nations peacekeeping operation ( ONUB ) on 1 June 2004 under the direction of the Secretary-General 's Special Representative , Carolyn McAskie , constitutes an unprecedented international commitment for Burundi .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	21	Requests the Rapporteur to report to the Special Committee in 2009 on the implementation of the present resolution ; Decides to keep the question of Puerto Rico under continuous review . Provisional agenda for the 5817th meeting of the Security Council
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	49	The Council discussed the arrangements for ensuring that payments are made into the Compensation Fund in the light of information provided by the secretariat . The Council took note of the information , requested the secretariat to provide further information on this issue as it becomes available and will keep the matter on its agenda . The Council discussed several issues relating to the processing and payment of claims , including the twenty-fifth report of the Executive Secretary pursuant to article 41 of the Provisional Rules for Claims Procedure , and approved corrections to certain category A , C and D claims .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	52	Mr. McBride ( United Kingdom ) : I would like to try to understand why we are breaking for informal consultations . My understanding at the close of play yesterday was that there seemed to be an emerging consensus that we would not touch paragraphs 8 and 9 and that we would keep the reference to 2006 in paragraph 10 . If I am incorrect , it would be useful to have a clarification .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	47	Special education schools There are 26 special education schools nationwide. These schools take care of children and youth with severe disabilities : auditory , intellectual , visual and motor . For development of academic competencies these schools use the official curriculum , making relevant curricular accommodations in keeping with the educational needs of the students . The student/teacher ratio ranges from 4 to 16 students , depending on the disability and the degree of severity .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	52	The results of the recent inter-agency security assessment mission in Somalia are clear , and we of course accept that , for the moment , the United Nations should not repatriate United Nations Political Office for Somalia . We also hope , and we are confident , that this question will be kept under review . In the meantime , we must see what the international community can do within these constraints to assist the people of Somalia , who for over a decade now have struggled , to a large extent isolated from the support available to the populations of other countries struggling with crisis .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	25	Organization of work In section II.A , paragraph 20 , of its resolution 57/283 B , the General Assembly encouraged the Committee on Conferences to keep under continued review the procedures for the participation of observers in the work of the Committee . Adoption of the report
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	31	Encourages all parties to take full advantage of the expertise and readiness of the Mission , within its existing mandate , to support the peace process ; Requests the Secretary-General to keep the Security Council regularly informed of progress towards the implementation of the present resolution and , in particular , to review the activities of the Mission in the light of the elections scheduled for 10 April 2008 , taking into account the views of the Government of Nepal and the developments on the ground ; Requests the parties in Nepal to take the necessary steps to promote the safety , security and freedom of movement of Mission and associated personnel in executing the tasks defined in the mandate ;
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	5	It is recommended that visitors keep receipts for major currency exchange transactions in case they need to exchange currency again before leaving the country . Climate
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	24	To ensure quality education and high student-to-teacher ratios , we propose to increase South-South cooperation in the area of education . That is in keeping with a recommendation made by the seventh ministerial meeting of the Nine High-Population Developing Countries , which Indonesia hosted last month . In the area of health , access and quality service for poor communities are being continuously improved .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	50	On paragraph 2 of draft article 7 , there were opposing suggestions to replace “ should ” by “ shall ” and to change the paragraph to read “ aquifer States should give positive consideration to establishing joint mechanism of cooperation ” . The Special Rapporteur 's suggestion is to keep the text as it is . Article 8 — Regular exchange of data and information
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	70	Furthermore , the donations received from Member States for the capital master plan could be set against the associated costs and the project budget as a whole . Bearing in mind that , according to the Secretary-General 's report ( A/63/477 ) , the value engineering exercise had resulted in about $ 100 million in potential cost savings , the Group was convinced that the capital master plan could be kept within the approved budget framework throughout the project . It was also important to adhere to the relocation schedule , so as to avoid slippages resulting in additional costs .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	71	The activities of this council shall be determined by the provisional statute approved by the Ministers for Foreign Affairs of the member States . In analysing the experience of the past and assessing future prospects , the heads of the member States firmly believe that the establishment of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization marks the beginning of a new stage in the development of cooperation among the member States and is in keeping with the trends of the modern era , the realities of this region , and the fundamental interests of the peoples of all the member States . ( Signed ) Jiang Zemin President of the People 's Republic of China
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	39	It does not prescribe their automatic imposition , which remains a matter of an adequate , gradual approach in keeping with evolutions on the ground . This is respectful of Romania 's view that we should be able to keep working with the Government of Sudan in cooperatively implementing commitments jointly entered into by that Government and the international community . This was an important reason back in July for the decision by Romania 's foreign minister to visit the country in the hours following the adoption of resolution 1556 ( 2004 ) .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	139	( k ) Acknowledges with appreciation the burden that continues to be shouldered by developing and least developed countries hosting refugees , and urges Member States to recognize this valuable contribution to the protection of refugees and to participate in efforts to promote durable solutions ; and further acknowledges the valuable contribution of resettlement countries to providing durable solutions for refugees ; ( l ) Urges Member States , in the light of the extensive needs to be addressed by the Office of the High Commissioner , to respond generously and in a spirit of solidarity , and in a timely manner , to his appeal for resources to meet in full the approved 2008-2009 Biennial Programme Budget ; and to support initiatives to ensure that the Office is resourced in a better and more predictable manner , while keeping “ earmarking ” to a minimum level ; and ( m ) Recalls the decision of the Standing Committee , at its 39th meeting , which called for further consultations on the proposed new budget structure for UNHCR ; further recalls renewed appeals for consultations made by the Standing Committee at its 40th meeting ; notes the related comments of the ACABQ and calls on the Office of the High Commissioner to consult with the Committee on the proposed new budget structure through informal consultative meetings .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	17	Development Account At its fifty-sixth session , in 2001 , the General Assembly decided to continue to keep the implementation of the Development Account under review ( resolution 56/237 ) . Documents :
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	30	The Department continues to aggressively utilize the services of interns and skilled volunteers in a number of the official languages to complement the work performed by its staff . In keeping with General Assembly resolution 61/121 B , paragraph 68 , through increased collaboration , content-providing offices are receiving assistance from the Department in the creation , maintenance and posting of information in the language sites . The Department has been sharing the expertise it has developed over the past 10 years , and assisting other content-providing offices in rendering their English pages into the official languages , on a cost-reimbursable basis .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	13	v. Identification of proceeds When property constituting proceeds of encumbered assets is not kept separately from other assets of the debtor , the question arises as to whether the security right in the proceeds is preserved . The answer to this question usually depends on whether the property constituting proceeds is identifiable .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	53	It was noted that paragraph 1 of variant A was substantially identical to variant B . As the substance of paragraph 2 of variant A , it was said , was normally dealt with in the concession contract , rather than in legislation , it was suggested that only variant B should be kept . variant A should be deleted , and paragraph 3 of variant A be added to the new provision as paragraph 2 .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	92	At its substantive session of 2000 , held from 7 to 9 August , the Committee on Conferences heard an oral report on the constraints that had affected the utilization of the conference centres in Bangkok and Addis Ababa and the action being taken to improve the situation . In its report to the General Assembly for 2000 , 1 the Committee , while regretting that the written report on the subject was not available at the time , took note of the oral report presented by the Secretariat and agreed to keep the item under review ( paras . The Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions , in its first report on the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2000-2001 , 2 noted the need to set up a marketing strategy for the Centre at the Economic Commission for Africa ( ECA ) and expressed the opinion that the existence of a potential market and opportunities for success should be taken into account before committing resources for such a strategy ( para .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	15	That call should not be ignored . The Holy See encourages the parties concerned to keep open the dialogue that could bring about solutions in preventing a possible war , and urges the international community to assume its responsibility in dealing with any failings by Iraq . Before I conclude my statement , allow me to echo , in this Chamber of peace , the hope-inspiring words of John Paul II 's special envoy to Iraq : “ Peace is still possible in Iraq and for Iraq .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	76	( b ) To continue to consider , on a priority basis and in an appropriate substantive manner and framework , the question of the implementation of the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations related to assistance to third States affected by the application of sanctions under Chapter VII of the Charter based on all of the related reports of the Secretary-General and the proposals submitted on the question ; ( c ) To keep on its agenda the question of the peaceful settlement of disputes between States ; ( d ) To consider , as appropriate , any proposal referred to it by the General Assembly in the implementation of the decisions of the High-level Plenary Meeting of the sixtieth session of the Assembly in September 2005 that concern the Charter and amendments thereto ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	55	In that connection , we call upon the Transitional Government to adopt the concrete measures necessary to prevent such acts through effective investigation of complaints and the prosecution of those responsible . With a view to the preparation and holding of local and presidential elections that are fully participatory , representative , legitimate and in keeping with the existing timetable , we support the basic idea that furthering political dialogue between all groups and actors in Haitian society without exception merits priority attention . We are gravely concerned about the structural , technical and logistical problems described in the relevant report with regard to properly preparing for elections .
keep%2:31:00::	keep.v	40	Response : The Government of Pakistan has put the names of activities of banned organizations in Schedule IV of Anti Terrorist Act 1997 . An effective monitoring mechanism has been devised and put in place at grass root level to keep the activities of the extremists under observation . This monitoring has contributed positively to the law and order situation in general and reduced the risks of freedom of action of the extremists .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	76	( b ) To continue to consider , on a priority basis and in an appropriate substantive manner and framework , the question of the implementation of the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations related to assistance to third States affected by the application of sanctions under Chapter VII of the Charter based on all of the related reports of the Secretary-General and the proposals submitted on the question ; ( c ) To keep on its agenda the question of the peaceful settlement of disputes between States ; ( d ) To continue to consider proposals concerning the Trusteeship Council in the light of the report of the Secretary-General submitted in accordance with General Assembly resolution 50/55 of 11 December 1995 , the report of the Secretary-General entitled “ Renewing the United Nations : a programme for reform ” and the views expressed by States on this subject at previous sessions of the Assembly ;
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	26	The exchange between the Advisory Committee and the Under-Secretary-General for Political Affairs and other representatives was useful and informative . The Committee expresses its intention to keep the matter under review and , in that context , to hold similar meetings on a regular basis . Bearing in mind its observations and recommendations in the paragraphs above , the Advisory Committee recommends approval of a charge of $ 41 , 458 , 500 , inclusive of the amount of $ 11 , 113 , 400 approved by the General Assembly in its resolution 56/255 , for the 19 special political missions dealt with in the reports of the Secretary-General ( A/C.5/56/25 and Add.1-3 ) against the provision for special political missions requested under section 3 , Political affairs , of the programme budget for the biennium 2002-2003 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	54	This week , Mr. Mehlis brought to their conclusion some talks on a memorandum of understanding with the Lebanese Government , which I am attaching ( see annex ) . He has been adding to the small team which accompanied him to Beirut and has begun to establish the headquarters of the Commission , keeping in mind the safety and security of his staff . He has instructed a team of explosives experts to examine whatever remained after the explosion which killed Mr. Hariri and the other victims .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	70	The Working Group , however , preferred to retain the subparagraph with the deletion of the additional language . Among the options available to ensure transparency in the negotiations under that subparagraph , wide support was expressed for the suggestion that the contracting authority should be required to state the reasons for any departure from the original project specifications and contractual terms in the record which it was required to keep under model legislative provision 25 . The Working Group agreed that a footnote should be added to subparagraph ( f ) to that effect .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	71	To adopt a decision on the payment mechanism and the priority of payment of outstanding claims ( S/AC.26/Dec.256 ( 2005 ) ) . To request that the secretariat write a further letter to the Government of Bangladesh regarding the exchange rates used for claims payment expressing the Council 's preoccupation on this issue ; to invite a delegation to attend the next informal meeting of the Working Group ; and to keep this issue on the agenda of the Governing Council . To request that the secretariat write further follow-up letters to the Governments of Liberia , Senegal and the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia regarding non-compliance with the reporting requirements of decisions 18 and 48 ; and to keep this issue on the agenda of the Governing Council .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	67	Article 312 of the Code made an exception , allowing actions to be brought directly when criminals were caught in flagrante delicto . However , when it came to criminal investigation , the Unified Action Groups for the Freedom of Individuals ( GAULAs ) operated under the instructions of the Attorney-General 's Office , the point of that arrangement being to guarantee that their actions were in keeping with the law and duly judicially sanctioned . Members of the Judicial Police Section ( SIJIN ) and the National Judicial Police and Investigation Department ( DIJIN ) of the National Police and the Administrative Security Department also performed judicial police functions under the supervision of a public prosecutor once criminal proceedings started .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	35	Post adjustment matters : report of the Advisory Committee on Post Adjustment Questions on its twenty-fifth session The Commission , as part of its ongoing responsibilities under article 11 of its statute , continued to keep under review the operation of the post adjustment system and considered the report of its Advisory Committee on Post Adjustment Questions on the work of its twenty-fifth session . The Commission dealt with a range of technical questions related to the next round of place-to-place surveys expected to take place in 2005 , as well as with some other issues .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	48	It also requested the Secretary-General to liaise with the Government of Jordan in order to set a date for the conference of Iraqi religious leaders and with the Organization of the Islamic Conference in order to convene the Mecca Conference of Islamic Scholars . The Committee agreed to keep its meeting open , to invite the League of Arab States to continue its contacts with various parties with a view to their participation in bringing about Iraqi national accord and to support its efforts to that end . It also agreed , in the context of preparations for the Conference on Iraqi National Accord , to call for another meeting of the Committee , which should be attended by representatives of parties and groups that were unable to take part in the present meeting .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	42	I would like to thank Under-Secretary-General Abe for the report that he introduced ( S/2005/69 ) on the question of small arms , which goes right to the heart of a number of conflicts on the Security Council 's agenda . In keeping with your recommendation , Sir , I will keep my statement brief . I will distribute the full text of the statement that I had been planning to make , which includes further details of our position .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	50	The European Union welcomed the dialogue between the Administration and the staff . The enhancement of management techniques was a way of ensuring that the high standard of the Secretariat 's performance would continue in the future , while a modern human resources management policy would help to attract and keep the best staff . The European Union noted with interest the discussions taking place in the areas of human resources planning and management , streamlining of rules and procedures , and contractual arrangements .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	45	For that reason , he hoped that the Committee would take a separate vote on paragraph 8 of the draft resolution . Ms. de Armas Garcia ( Cuba ) , explaining her vote before the vote , said that the draft resolution was not in keeping with the principles established in the Charter and international law . The United Nations was not competent to pass judgement on national electoral processes , which were within the sovereignty of States and peoples , and it should not make the granting of electoral assistance subject to an evaluation of such processes .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	38	However , it might refuse extradition if the case is under investigation , a judicial sentence has been rendered in respect of it or there is a conflict with the principle of sovereignty . Such procedures are in keeping with the rules of international law , which guarantee every State the right of sovereignty and authority over its territory in pursuing the investigation of the case in which extradition is requested . Saudi Arabia might also refuse to extradite if a final judgement has been handed down that is enforceable or is in conflict with the principle of sovereignty .
keep%2:40:09::	keep.v	49	State and territory governments run a range of programs and initiatives to help women who are returning to the workforce after caring for children on a full-time basis . The Australian Capital Territory Government 's Women 's Return to Work Grants program helps women prepare for , find and keep jobs after full-time child rearing responsibilities . The Victorian Government 's program , Jobs For Victoria , also involves initiatives to help women re-enter the workforce .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	15	Rule 36 Sound recordings of the plenary meetings of the session shall be made and kept by the Secretariat . The Group shall prepare a final report in English as the record of the session .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	59	( a ) An electronic documents registration and information tracking system ( eDrits ) to keep track of all jobs for translation , typing and printing . ( b ) A computer-assisted assignment programme to facilitate the automatic assignment of interpreters to meetings , to support planning and the assignment of administrative tasks in the Interpretation Service and to keep managerial and statistical data . In making the programme year 2000 compliant and moving it from a WANG to a PC-based environment , considerable efficiencies had been realized .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	66	Taking note of the message addressed to the Security Council on 10 November 2003 by the President of the Republic of Côte d'Ivoire , in which he requested the transformation of the United Nations Mission in Côte d'Ivoire ( MINUCI ) into a peacekeeping operation , Taking note of the request made by ECOWAS to the Security Council on 24 November 2003 to establish a peace keeping operation in Côte d'Ivoire , Noting that lasting stability in Côte d'Ivoire will depend on peace in the subregion , especially in Liberia , and emphasizing the importance of cooperation among the countries of the subregion to this end , as well as the need for co-ordination of the efforts of the United Nations Missions in the subregion to contribute to the consolidation of peace and security ,
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	43	The Special Representative has sought and welcomed cooperation based on the common understanding that protection of human rights defenders is the central concern of this mandate . As outlined in the above sections , the Special Representative considers that it would be in keeping with the Secretary-General 's reform process for her to work more closely with the implementing bodies of the United Nations . It is clear that the work and objectives of human rights defenders converge with the work and objectives of the United Nations in many areas and that the United Nations has a fundamental role to play in implementing the Declaration on human rights defenders .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	41	Although the agreement between the United States and the Russian Federation to reduce the deployment of strategic nuclear weapons is welcome , it gives us little comfort that monstrous weapons capable of destroying our planet several times over still exist . Keeping the commitments of the nuclear-weapon States to nuclear disarmament within a timeline and of non-nuclear-weapon States not to acquire those lethal weapons will be crucial to making this world a safer place for us and for our children . Clearly , we need to have a series of confidence-building measures to develop a strong sense of trust that is absolutely vital in achieving the ultimate goal of creating a nuclear-weapon-free world .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	41	There is also a need for the more determined engagement of Government with civil society and the Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies to help societies mitigate the effects of such violence , including in the field of health education . Keeping the issue of sexual exploitation of humanitarian staff on the agenda of the Economic and Social Council will continue to be important in continually reinforcing ongoing efforts being undertaken by the system . Disaster response and risk reduction
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	34	The Act facilitates international cooperation on this matter by providing the sharing of information and clarifying the limits on secrecy provisions . The Act criminalizes money-laundering , imposing obligations of customer identification , record keeping and the reporting of suspicious transactions by institutions . The Act permits the seizing , freezing and forfeiture of properties that are proceeds of money-laundering .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	43	I assure the Assembly of my Government 's full support as we embark upon a new era in our quest to tackle HIV/AIDS , confident that , together , we will achieve universal access to prevention , care and treatment . We will keep the promise . We will turn up the volume .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	37	Local health committees and multidisciplinary teams working at local level took responsibility for the distribution of medicines . As the country was only now emerging from an unprecedented economic crisis , considerable political will was needed to keep up the necessary levels of health care . Ms. Khan asked whether the federal plan for women covered all the provinces .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	35	Madden explained that he was thinking of an application sent directly to Mrs. Meeker . Then he asked to use the phone and called Brian Thayer , who said that he was just leaving to keep a lunch date but would be home by two o ' clock . Madden said that he would see him at two and made another call , this one to Mrs. Meeker 's lawyers .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	15	Action by the Committee In pursuance of its mandate , the Committee will continue to keep under review the situation relating to the question of Palestine and participate in relevant meetings of the General Assembly and the Security Council . The Committee will also continue to monitor the situation on the ground and draw the attention of the international community to urgent developments in the Occupied Palestinian Territory , including East Jerusalem , requiring international action .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	49	Decides to extend the mandate of UNOMIG for a new period terminating on 31 July 2005 ; subject to a review as appropriate of its mandate by the Council in the event of changes in the mandate of the CIS peacekeeping force ; Requests the Secretary-General to continue to keep the Council regularly informed and to report three months from the date of the adoption of this resolution on the situation in Abkhazia , Georgia ; Decides to remain actively seized of the matter .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	21	The historical overview was too detailed and required revision . The observations found in part two of the Manual , if kept , needed to be updated and should not restate the Commentary . The annexes had out-of-date references that needed to be updated .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	83	Spain explained that , under the Penal Code , a lack of marking or serial number was an aggravating circumstance for the offence of possessing prohibited arms without a license or permit but the export and import of unmarked arms was not permitted unless they were sent for marking . Tunisia indicated that , while marking was not required for the import , export , acquisition , sale , delivery , transport or transfer of firearms , manufacturing and registration numbers must be kept in a registry . The United Kingdom explained that amendments were being proposed to the European Council Directive 91/477/EEC of 18 June 1991 on control of the acquisition and possession of weapons , which would align legislation with the requirement under the Protocol .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	47	The State party should take appropriate steps to ensure that any act of ill-treatment committed against a prisoner is duly investigated , prosecuted and punished . It should undertake legislative initiatives to ensure that officials found guilty of ill-treatment are sanctioned in an appropriate manner , in keeping with the seriousness of the offence . The Committee is concerned about information received according to which overcrowding is a serious problem in places of detention in Grenada , and about reported poor conditions of detention .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	87	In continuing the approach adopted by the draft in not being restricted to a specific technological method , the draft did not impose a condition requiring that the communication or contract should have any particular form , but required that an electronic communication was to be granted the same credibility as a written communication and that the information contained therein was to be accessible so as to be usable for subsequent reference . Where a written signature is required or the original of the document must be kept , the draft deemed that the electronic version of the document had the same status if that version fulfilled a number of requirements and guarantees set forth in the article . Article 10. Time and place of dispatch and receipt of electronic communication
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	71	Decides to apportion among Member States the amount of 139 , 671 , 300 dollars for the period from 1 July 2008 to 30 June 2009 , in accordance with the levels updated in General Assembly resolution 61/243 of 22 December 2006 , and taking into account the scale of assessments for 2008 and 2009 , as set out in its resolution 61/237 of 22 December 2006 ; Also decides to keep under review during its sixty-third session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Mission in the Central African Republic and Chad ” . 79th plenary meeting 7 April 2009
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	95	However , we can not fail to recognize , in the context of the constructive realism to which I have referred , that despite the value of the “ food for thought ” document , it did not in the end achieve consensus . Accordingly , reason and intelligence in negotiation advise us , indicate to us , that it is a document which constitutes a substantive reference , like the five Ambassadors ' paper , but that at the same time the possibility of consensus must be built on a text which , while keeping and gathering the substantive elements from those documents , makes new contributions with a view to reconciling positions and promoting points of convergence . During Peru 's term of office , apart from the important and essential work of preparing , adopting and submitting the report of the Conference to the United Nations General Assembly , it is my intention to continue the informal consultations with a view to the possible submission of a document which continues the search for consensus .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	92	If an increase in the non-permanent membership had been accepted in the year when the consultations began — in 1993 — and if the increase had been , say , 10 non-permanent members , a figure which probably would have commanded general support , then in the eight years since , 40 countries could have been members of the Security Council , in addition to the 40 which have occupied the 10 existing non-permanent seats . With the lack of any real prospect of agreement on the other reforms , the years keep passing , and with them our countries keep being deprived of the opportunity to take part in the work of the Security Council . In any event , whatever option the Open-ended Working Group chooses , Uruguay will continue to participate in efforts to reach agreement on all aspects of Council reform , and will do so in a flexible spirit , but with one limitation : we can not go along with any reform that is contrary to the fundamental principles of this Organization through an extension to other States of existing privileges and inequalities .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	46	The root cause of the Arab-Israeli conflict is the question of Palestine , and the main issue there continues to be the illegal occupation of the Palestinian territory . The Palestinian people have lived far too long under occupation and under conditions that are not in keeping with norms of international humanitarian law nor with the requirements of the Fourth Geneva Convention relative to the Protection of Civilian Persons in Time of War , which also applies to occupied territories . The laws and regulations and the administrative measures that have been implemented in the occupied territories to achieve the objectives of the occupying Government affect important aspects of the lives of the Palestinian people .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	110	According to the principle of archival integrity , “ the records of a given agency should be kept together as the records of that agency , such records should be kept , as far as possible , in the arrangement given them in the agency in the course of its official business , such records should be kept in their entirety , without mutilation , alteration , or unauthorized destruction of portions of them ” . Each of the archives of the Tribunals should therefore be preserved as a complete entity , and within each of the archives , the records received and generated by the different organs should be kept separate . Thus , for example , transferring the public and confidential documents to separate locations would not be compatible with this principle .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	94	For this reason , the Mission has planned a construction/renovation plan that will focus on refurbishing and building on to existing structures both in Kabul and in all regional locations . While the Mission considered the option of assembling prefabricated structures , in the light of the high costs involved in transporting such equipment to the region and taking into account the abundance of natural construction materials and labour within the country , it was felt that developing existing structures and maximizing the use of local resources would be more cost-effective and more in keeping with the Mission goals ( “ light footprint ” ) . In addition to structural modifications , all facilities will require extensive upgrading of electrical installations to provide safe and stable power and upgrading of plumbing and septic facilities to meet minimum acceptable standards .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	72	“ The Security Council expressed its deep regret that Kuwaiti property , including its national archives , has not yet been returned to Kuwait and encouraged the Coalition Provisional Authority and other parties concerned to continue their commitment to the search for , and return of , all Kuwaiti properties and archives , in accordance with paragraph 6 of resolution 1483 ( 2003 ) . The Security Council agreed to continue to keep Ambassador Vorontsov 's mandate under review and looked forward to receiving his next report. ” This statement will be published as a Security Council document under the symbol S/PRST/2003/28 .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	48	It was also stressed that the proposal was intended to strengthen protection of United Nations and associated personnel and that such protection was assured by the equal observance of international humanitarian law on the basis of the principle of reciprocity . It was agreed that the proposal be kept on the agenda and be treated separately from the current exercise on drafting a protocol to expand the scope of legal protection under the 1994 Convention . Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	99	The fact of the matter is that Congress has expressed it clearly and by an overwhelming vote , and I hope that it has been understood not as an American diktat , but as an effort to help fix a problem . As a co-author of this legislation — and some of you know that had I been Chairman of the committee and were I in a position to get the funding from the United States and movement on the arrearages — I do not believe we should have made a connection between the reforms and the United States keeping its commitment . But , quite frankly , my view is not a majority view .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	39	The Office of Internal Oversight Services recommended that policies on standard filing and documentation for the claim file be developed without further delay . In response , the Commission has developed checklists identifying the documents that have to be kept for audit purposes . The Board is pleased to note that since its audit , and on the basis of the checklists , the claims units within the Legal Services Branch have begun checking to ensure that the identified documents are in the relevant claim file , instalment file or category file before they are closed and archived .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	25	Additional guidance was provided to country offices as to how to analyse the information related to the audit costs . The Board will continue to keep under review whether the country offices effectively analyse the audit costs in relation to the risks and project expenditure when deciding on future audits . ( n ) Recommendation in paragraph 129 that UNDP implement stricter time frames for the reimbursement of services delivered and that the outstanding reimbursements for the biennium 2000-2001 be made as soon as possible .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	19	Thus the first lines of one of Charles Wesley 's hymns are as follows . `` A charge to keep I have , A God to glorify '' . In the tune to which this hymn is most often sung , `` Boylston '' , the syllables have and fy , ending their lines , have twice the time any other syllables have .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	45	This is an indication of the confidence Member States have in United Nations peacekeeping . Yet there is a risk that peacekeeping may be too readily called upon , chosen as the response to situations where , in fact , there is no peace to keep . Certainly , peacekeepers must be prepared to deploy robustly to deal with armed spoilers .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	26	That was the main reason for the precarious state of the Organization 's finances . It has to be asked why those promises had not been kept , and whether there had been a deliberate decision not to pay . The question also arose of whether it was reasonable , after so many years of failure to pay its contributions on time and without conditions , for the Member State concerned not to have adopted legislation to avoid such arrears .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	44	As a consequence , the Nordic countries believe that it is not advisable at this stage to initiate negotiations on a convention on State responsibility . However , in order to enhance future discussion on this very important topic , we see merit in keeping the item on the agenda of the General Assembly . Portugal
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	85	Section 4 , Disarmament , of the programme budget of the United Nations for the biennium 2004-2005 ( A/58/6 ( Section 4 ) ) , as approved by the General Assembly in its resolution 58/271 A of 23 December 2003 , contains a provision of $ 561 , 600 representing the United Nations biennial subvention to UNIDIR . Notwithstanding the inclusion of the necessary provision in the programme budget , a formal annual request for a subvention is submitted to the General Assembly , in keeping with established procedure . For 2005 , a subvention of $ 227 , 600 is requested , to be adjusted through recosting in the context of the first performance report .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	90	Requests the Committee to continue to exert all efforts to promote the realization of the inalienable rights of the Palestinian people , to support the Middle East peace process and to mobilize international support for and assistance to the Palestinian people , and authorizes the Committee to make such adjustments in its approved programme of work as it may consider appropriate and necessary in the light of developments and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its sixtieth session and thereafter ; Also requests the Committee to continue to keep under review the situation relating to the question of Palestine and to report and make suggestions to the General Assembly , the Security Council or the Secretary-General , as appropriate ; Further requests the Committee to continue to extend its cooperation and support to Palestinian and other civil society organizations in order to mobilize international solidarity and support for the achievement by the Palestinian people of its inalienable rights and for a peaceful settlement of the question of Palestine , and to involve additional civil society organizations in its work ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	61	Asset-liability management , strategic asset allocation and risk tolerance For a defined-benefit pension fund , such as the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Fund , the primary risk that needs to be mitigated is that the current and estimated future assets of the Fund will not be sufficient to meet its liabilities. Should this happen , it would not be in keeping with article 14 of General Assembly resolution 248 ( III ) of 7 December 1948 and the Regulations of the Fund . For assets to match liabilities , the Chief Executive Officer and Secretary of the Fund , the Committee of Actuaries and the Consulting Actuary need to work closely with the organs of the Fund in charge of assets ( the Representative of the Secretary-General for the Investments of the Fund , the Investment Management Service , the Investments Committee and the institutional advisers ) .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	57	Confidence-building measures are most appropriate in these circumstances . 4.5 As unauthorized or accidental nuclear explosions and launches and the diversion of weapons and materials to criminal or terrorist uses or to clandestine nuclear weapons programmes are prominent among nuclear dangers , all nuclear-weapon States , big and small , bear responsibility for taking strong efforts to keep their weapons and fissile materials in the strictest and safest custody . A combination of technical and organizational measures is needed .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	33	In September , the subjects of Abkhaz history , geography and culture — all taught in the Russian language — were introduced in lower Gali schools . The requirement that administrative paperwork be kept in Russian came also into effect in the lower Gali district schools . Records related to disciplines taught in Georgian , however , remained in the Georgian language .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	97	Accordingly , among other things , the poor billions of the world will argue for action by the United Nations to ensure the transfer of resources to themselves , which will enable them to extricate themselves from their condition of poverty and underdevelopment , consistent with the implementation of the Millennium Development Goals , the objectives of the Johannesburg World Summit on Sustainable Development and other international agreements . Inevitably , that will run counter to the propositions of those who are more powerful than the poor , namely , the Governments , peoples and countries that keep them afloat with development assistance . That will require — whether it is stated or not — that the recipients of that assistance understand that such assistance can dry up .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	25	UNOPS intends to put in place new business processes that are both cost-effective and driven by appropriate information and communication technologies . Furthermore , to keep operating expenditures under control ; UNOPS must reorganize its internal operations and restructure its cost base in 2006 . This may require further relocation of certain functions to more economic cost centres , as well as the aggressive reduction of the cost base .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	48	It may , therefore , after notifying the debtor of the receivable that it will be collecting the account , sell or transfer the receivable to a third person . To protect the assignor 's rights in such cases , many States provide that the assignee may not keep any excess , a position this Guide adopts not only in relation to such dispositions of receivables , but also in relation to the ordinary collection of receivables ( see A/CN.9/631 , recommendation 113 , subpara. ( b ) ) . Moreover , the assignee must act in a commercially reasonable manner in disposing of the receivable ( see A/CN.9/631 , recommendation 128 ) .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	31	Recommendation No. 12 The High Commissioner recommends to the Government of Colombia that arrests for preventive reasons by the police force , called “ temporary arrests ” , should be in keeping with international provisions that prohibit unlawful or arbitrary deprivation of liberty . To this end , she urges it to make the necessary changes in legislation relating to the police .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	75	The Committee also recalled that , in the context of its request for exemption under Article 19 in 2004 , Guinea-Bissau had indicated that it would keep the issue of multi-year payment plans under continuous consideration and , as the country 's situation normalized , would establish such a plan as a matter of priority . In the context of its request for exemption under Article 19 in 2005 , Guinea-Bissau indicated that it would keep the issue of multi-year payment plans under continuous consideration and , as the country 's situation normalized , would establish such a plan as a matter of priority and inform the General Assembly accordingly . In the context of its request for exemption under Article 19 in 2006 , Guinea-Bissau indicated that , if its efforts at debt relief are successful and if a donor round-table conference is held as scheduled in November 2006 , it would be in a position to submit a multi-year payment plan as previously envisaged .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	51	[ Original : Spanish ] [ 18 May 2004 ] The Government of Venezuela considers paragraphs 5 to 8 of the said resolution to be in conformity with its traditional approach to foreign policy in that they reaffirm the national ideal of peace and security as global values and are in keeping with the international instruments negotiated under the United Nations multilateral system , designed to create a lawful and reliable framework for action . Provisional agenda for the 5028th meeting of the Security Council
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	9	Is that not a nice letter ? I will keep it with me , bring it to Sierra Leone , together with the $ 20-bill , and put it in a frame to show our people that they are not alone . Let me conclude by once again expressing my gratitude to the Security Council and Member States for the support that the Special Court has received from the United Nations since its inception .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	14	She continues to add to the pollen supply as needed . The larvae , kept warm by the queen , are full grown in about ten days . Each now makes a tough , papery cocoon and pupates .
keep%2:40:09::	keep.v	55	In the latter two cases , the opinions of at least three doctors were required ; confirmation by police was also necessary in the case of rape . Doctors had an obligation to provide women with oral and written information about the moral features and possible medical complications of abortion , and about ways of keeping the child . In general , they were expected to attempt to discourage the procedure .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	31	After further consultations , the Council voted on a revised text of the draft resolution on 13 July 2006 , but failed to adopt it . “ The Council continues to keep the evolving situation in the Middle East , including the Palestinian question , under active review through monthly briefings , open meetings and informal consultations . During these meetings , the Council members reiterate their support for a just and comprehensive settlement in the Middle East based on resolutions 242 ( 1967 ) , 338 ( 1973 ) , 1397 ( 2002 ) and 1515 ( 2003 ) , the foundations of the Madrid Conference , the principle of land for peace , agreements previously reached by the parties and the initiative of Saudi Crown Prince Abdullah endorsed in Beirut at the Summit-level Council of the League of Arab States. ”
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	76	In the view of the Working Group , closing a United Nations office located in a developing country would send the wrong signal , and , at a juncture when gender issues were at the top of the United Nations agenda , it would be inconsistent to close the only United Nations institute devoted to those questions . The Working Group had made specific recommendations for the preservation , restructuring and revitalization of INSTRAW , in keeping with the Secretary-General 's reform programme . The Institute deserved the same treatment as other United Nations institutions receiving financial assistance from the regular budget , such as the United Nations Institute for Disarmament Research and the United Nations African Institute for the Prevention of Crime and the Treatment of Offenders .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	36	The analytical reports from the survey are due to be completed at the end of 2006 and will be utilized to enhance the Agency 's transition towards needs-based planning and outcome-based monitoring of programmes . In keeping with its goal of more accurately targeting its services , UNRWA embarked on a study which should lead to a new approach to poverty analysis in its relief and social services programme . This is in line with the Agency 's move from a status-based to a needs-based approach in all of its budgeting and programming activities .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	15	This is to be welcomed as an important confidence-building measure . Although the Government has kept its military helicopters in Darfur , there were no reports of the helicopter gunships firing their weapons in February . Although the Government did not resume the “ road clearing ” operations it had pursued in December , its forces maintained a presence in several areas that they occupied during those operations north of El Fasher and east and south of Nyala .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	46	Noting that contemporary forms of victimization , while essentially directed against persons , may nevertheless also be directed against groups of persons who are targeted collectively , Recognizing that , in honouring the victims ' right to benefit from remedies and reparation , the international community keeps faith with the plight of victims , survivors and future human generations and reaffirms the international legal principles of accountability , justice and the rule of law , Convinced that , in adopting a victim-oriented perspective , the international community affirms its human solidarity with victims of violations of international law , including violations of international human rights law and international humanitarian law , as well as with humanity at large , in accordance with the following Basic Principles and Guidelines ,
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	25	Historically in America the appeal of cities has been their color and life , the variety of experience they offered . `` How ya gonna keep ' em down on the farm '' ? was a question that had to be asked long before they saw Paree .
keep%2:35:10::	keep.v	27	Keeping women in detention after completion of their sentence The Working Group was also informed that , in some countries , women serving a custodial sentence are kept in detention beyond the completion of their sentence , even though they have served the sentence in its entirety , and can be released only if a male member of their family presents himself to the prison authorities and stands guarantor for them . The Working Group recalls that this constitutes arbitrary detention under category I of the principles applicable in the consideration of cases submitted to it .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-fifth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Mission in Sierra Leone ” . A/55/805 and Corr.1 .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	16	The United States will intensify its efforts to end Libya 's threatening actions . This includes keeping United States bilateral sanctions on Libya in full force . In its compensation settlement with the Pan Am 103 families , Libya has tied the payment of some of the available funds to changes in United States bilateral measures related to Libya , something clearly outside the scope of the United Nations requirements .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	43	On 26 November 2008 , the Micronesia ( Federated States of ) confirmed its intention to accede to the Convention , reporting that a draft resolution will go before Congress in January 2009 for approval . The 8MSP placed a priority , in keeping with Action # 3 of the Nairobi Action Plan , on increasing universalisation efforts targeting those States not parties that continue to use , produce , or possess large stockpiles of anti-personnel mines , including those developing new kinds of anti-personnel mines . In this context , since the 8MSP , the President of the 8MSP visited Finland , Poland , the Republic of Korea , Singapore and the United States of America - States not parties that are presumed to hold large stocks of anti-personnel mines - to deliver the message that the world would be a better place if they joined the States Parties ' common effort .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	45	Reiterates its firm support for the mission of good offices of the Secretary-General in order to assist the parties in complying with the request made by the General Assembly in its resolutions on the question of the Falkland Islands ( Malvinas ) ; Decides to keep under review the question of the Falkland Islands ( Malvinas ) subject to the directives that the General Assembly has issued and may issue in that regard . 76 and 77 .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	27	UNRWA informed the Board that back-up schedules at headquarters in Amman were well established and carried out on a daily and monthly basis . Monthly back-ups were kept indefinitely in secure safes . Back-ups were verified each time the process was completed .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	53	Maybe the vision that he was talking about is a vision that Syria would like very much - not to have Israel either here or not to have Israel at all . We should remind him that we are still here , and we are still a sovereign State , and we will keep on doing that in the future . It seems a bit odd , again , that we are being lectured by Syria on our behaviour .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	43	The provision follows the current practice that only holding the full set of originals entitles the holder to exercise the right of control . The consequence is that , if a person has parted with one ( or more ) originals and has kept one or more other originals , nobody is in control of the goods . Paragraph ( d ) follows the principle laid down in article 12.1.2 .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	42	( ii ) Non-cash benefit for a dependent child This benefit involves regarding the period of unpaid leave to which workers are entitled for the care of a child as the effective first-year contribution period , during which time the position is kept open . The beneficiaries are self-employed workers , regardless of the social security scheme to which they belong .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	19	Limit yourself to good meat and drink , with bread , salad , corn or potatoes as accessories . Keep the desserts simple ; fruit does nicely . Do whatever kitchen work , such as fixing a salad , preparing garlic bread , or making a marinade sauce , ahead of time .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	28	As I was playing Mother Cabrini , the picture was actually `` all mine '' , with nearly every scene built around me . But in order to keep Letch in the public eye and out of trouble , I wrote in a part especially for him - that of a dashing ruffian who `` sees the light '' and is saved by the inspiring example of Mother Cabrini . And did he appreciate my efforts on his behalf ?
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	46	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of programmes of assistance to the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations resolutions and decisions relating to decolonization , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly ,
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	95	The Secretary-General stated that , regrettably , he could not report any progress towards overcoming the obstacles to the implementation of the settlement plan , or towards determining whether the Government of Morocco , as the administrative Power in Western Sahara , was prepared to offer or support some devolution of authority for all inhabitants and former inhabitants of the Territory that was genuine , substantial and in keeping with international norms . The only positive development during the period had been the decision by the Frente POLISARIO , on 14 December 2000 , in keeping with a prior commitment to the Secretary-General 's Personal Envoy , to release 201 Moroccan prisoners of war on humanitarian grounds . The Secretary-General expressed his deep appreciation to the Frente POLISARIO for that gesture and to ICRC and all those who assisted in facilitating the repatriation .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	46	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of programmes of assistance to the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations resolutions and decisions relating to decolonization , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly ,
keep%2:35:10::	keep.v	26	3.1 The author claims that his rights have been violated by various aspects of his detention . He claims that the conditions under which he is kept are inhuman and that his eyesight is getting worse as a result . 3.2 He claims that he is being denied his right to exercise his religion as he is forbidden from worshipping at Muslim prayer services , his prayer books were taken from him , and on two occasions his beard was shaven off .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	76	The coffee crisis , which affected 25 million coffee producers around the world , the majority of them in Africa , had revealed the seriousness of the problem in the primary commodity sector . The decline in the price of coffee had exacerbated poverty , caused food insecurity , and had a devastating impact on health care in major coffee-exporting LDCs in Africa , further deepening the unsustainability of debt by making it increasingly difficult to keep up with debt repayment obligations . Likewise , external financing , especially the ODA , had continued to decline in scope as well as effectiveness .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	96	1.5 It is recalled that in his note to the General Assembly ( A/61/758 ) , the Secretary-General submitted his comments on the recommendations contained in the report of the Redesign Panel on the United Nations System of Administration of Justice ( A/61/205 ) and identified the time and resources needed to implement the Panel 's recommendations . The proposed resource redeployments and growth sought in the report have not been incorporated in the present budget section for the Office of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal and the Office of the Ombudsman , and have been kept at the maintenance level . In its resolution 61/261 , the Assembly decided to establish a new independent , transparent , professionalized , adequately resourced and decentralized system of administration of justice , and requested the Secretary-General to report on resources required for the implementation of that resolution as a matter of priority at the second part of its resumed sixty-first session and to report on issues identified in the resolution regarding the establishment of the new system of administration of justice no later than the early part of the main part of its sixty-second session .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	36	The SBI invited Parties to come forward with offers to host COP 14 and COP/MOP 4 , so that a decision could be taken at COP 13 or earlier . The SBI noted that , in keeping with the rotation among regional groups , the President of COP 14 would come from the Eastern European Group . Review of arrangements for the eleventh session of the Conference of the Parties and the first session of the Conference of the Parties serving as the meeting of the Parties to the Kyoto Protocol
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	27	Others noted that there should be a correlation between the length of the scale period and the length of the base period . The Committee decided to keep under review the issue of the base period in the light of its general mandate and would welcome further guidance by the General Assembly . Debt-burden adjustment
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	45	Reiterates its firm support for the mission of good offices of the Secretary-General in order to assist the parties in complying with the request made by the General Assembly in its resolutions on the question of the Falkland Islands ( Malvinas ) ; Decides to keep under review the question of the Falkland Islands ( Malvinas ) subject to the directives that the General Assembly has issued and may issue in that regard . Letter dated 7 December 2007 from the Secretary-General to the President of the Security Council
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	60	In Bolivia , coca production that was not designated for traditional use was considered surplus production . His Government wished to reiterate its commitment to the fight against the production , trafficking and use of illicit drugs and the abuse of licit drugs , in the context of respect for national sovereignty , human rights and multiculturalism , and in keeping with the principle of shared responsibility . His Government was actively promoting a strategy aimed at gaining international recognition for the value of the coca leaf , which did not have adverse health effects and which played an important role in the culture and traditions of the Bolivian people .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	43	It reported to PAHO but reflected Caribbean aspirations . The United Nations empowered the Caribbean Disaster Emergency Response Agency of CARICOM when it agreed that CDERA did not need to go through the United Nations structure to raise funds , enabling it to keep the 18 % administrative fees that formerly went to the United Nations . CDERA now approaches multilateral and other funders directly .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	25	Second , on the other hand , the private sector is organizing itself through the establishment of professional bodies and associations . This is in keeping with the belief that effective private sector representation and participation in decision-making require structures and organization . Third , in the light of this evolution , many landlocked and transit developing countries have initiated public-private dialogue and consultations. Many of these arrangements are still ad hoc in nature , but in some countries ( Uganda , Ghana and the United Republic of Tanzania ) the emerging public-private sector partnership has been institutionalized , and consultations are being held regularly .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	42	In addition , 200 military observers , deployed in 17 different sites , conducted systematic patrols to monitor the security situation throughout the country . UNOCI troops and military observers also continued to enforce the arms embargo against Côte d'Ivoire , in keeping with Security Council resolution 1584 ( 2005 ) . During the period under review , the Mission conducted 144 arms embargo inspections in areas both held by the Government and by the Forces nouvelles .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	51	However , that hope — which has been severely tried and shaken during the last 13 months — is based on Egypt 's firm conviction that peace is the only option available to the Middle East region . I would like once more to stress that Israeli conduct should be in keeping with the objective we seek , namely peace . We hope that Israel will realize the need to alter its behaviour in the region so that the Arab parties may be convinced of its seriousness about peace ; otherwise , the tensions prevailing in the Middle East will continue for a long time to come , with all the suffering that that entails for the peoples of the region .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	43	The delegation of Cameroon fully endorses the creation of the new United Nations Mission of Support in East Timor , including its financial implications , and supports the other recommendations contained in the report . It is gratifying that the United Nations will keep a mission in East Timor beyond 20 May . I congratulate my friend and colleague Ambassador Kamalesh Sharma on his nomination by the Secretary-General to succeed Mr. Vieira de Mello .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	40	The important role of the Department in the maintenance of peace and security , one of the priorities of the Organization , was reaffirmed . The presentation of the programme narrative of the section was welcomed , which was in keeping with the medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005 and with resolution 55/231 of 23 December 2000 on results-based budgeting . While appreciation was expressed for the simplicity of language of a number of expected accomplishments and indicators of achievement , the view was also expressed that some of the terminology used in the expected accomplishments and indicators could be better formulated and better harmonized with the text of the medium-term plan .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	47	The Strategic Framework for Combating Poverty called for coordinated work among all sectors to improve living conditions , especially for the most vulnerable population groups , which would undoubtedly yield improvements in health conditions . The Government was also promoting multisectoral action to combat HIV/AIDS , in keeping with the “ Three Ones ” principle for the coordination of national AIDS responses . All ministerial departments in Mali now had sectoral plans for combating the disease .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	24	At the eighteenth session , the matter was referred to the Seabed Disputes Chamber . At the same session , the Tribunal decided to keep the issue under review . C. Amicus curiae before international courts
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	71	The Security Council also emphasized the exchange of information , the denial of safe haven and of the use of States ' territories , the duty to bring accomplices to justice , the establishment of terrorist acts in domestic laws and regulations as serious offences with appropriate punishments , and controls on the issuance of travel documents and movements of persons . Mali 's efforts to combat international terrorism are in keeping with its respect for a certain number of principles . These efforts flow , first and foremost , from its unequivocal condemnation of terrorism in all its forms , no matter who the perpetrators and leaders may be or what motives they may have .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	69	( a ) Banks , mutual savings banks and credit unions , the Czech Consolidation Agency , holders of postal service licences , legal entities and natural persons licensed to perform or to broker cash or cashless money transfers , to provide or to deal in leasing , credit or loan services , or to issue cashless payment instruments , ( b ) The Czech National Bank , in keeping accounts and providing other banking services , ( c ) The Securities Centre , the central depositary , entities keeping registers connected to the central securities register kept by the central depositary , entities keeping separate registers of investment instruments , entities keeping registers connected to the separate registers of investment instruments , securities market organizers , non-bank entities licensed to provide investment services , investment companies , pension funds and commodity exchanges ,
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	38	UNDP action at the country level is now being tailored to the specific circumstances and status of the epidemic . In each case , the focus will be on the services requested by programme country clients and in keeping with the overall mandate of UNDP as a UNAIDS co-sponsor . In the context of the United Nations plan , five areas for UNDP HIV/AIDS-related support services have been defined .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	42	It was hoped that that initiative would facilitate United Nations activities both in Kuwait and in other countries in the region . In conclusion , he reaffirmed his country 's commitment to the efforts to ensure greater information and press freedom in keeping with the traditions of society and its Arab and Islamic values and pledged his country 's cooperation with the United Nations and its specialized agencies to achieve their objectives . Mr. Song Se Il ( Democratic People 's Republic of Korea ) said that the rapid development of information technology affected every aspect of life .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	11	The programme budget is presented in United States dollars . In keeping with the practice in the current biennium , the euro equivalent of the proposed budget is indicated at the average United Nations official rate of exchange for the period January-March 2007 . Within the core budget , two separate indicative scales of contributions for Parties to the Convention and to the Kyoto Protocol have been proposed for adoption by the COP and the CMP ( see chapter V ) .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	47	In the multiple crisis situations of today 's world , the importance of solidarity rights is phenomenal . Human rights , which are by nature dynamic and constantly evolving , need to accommodate new rights , just as each generation should contribute to their evolution , in keeping with the aspirations and values of the time . Right and duty , principle and practice
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	37	And let us not forget the world 's older persons , who look to the World Assembly on Ageing next April for real results . As important as the new agenda is , we still have to keep our promises inherited from the old one . The United Nations peacekeeping and conflict-prevention capacities must be enhanced , along the lines of the Brahimi report .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	34	Under the Rewarding Work Program , Manitoba has introduced the following initiatives since 2006 to support families : Work incentives were enhanced so that participants receiving Employment and Income Assistance benefits with earnings can keep $ 200 of earnings and 30 percent of earnings over $ 200 before benefits begin to be reduced . In April 2007 , childcare fees were reduced and childcare subsidy eligibility levels were increased , providing higher levels of assistance and supporting more families to access childcare .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-fifth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Mission in Ethiopia and Eritrea ” . 89th plenary meeting
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	21	The Working Group held two plenary meetings , on 5 and 8 October 2004 . At its 1st meeting , in keeping with the established practice , the Working Group decided that the members of the Bureau of the Ad Hoc Committee elected at the latter 's eighth session would continue to act as Friends of the Chairman during the meetings of the Working Group . The Chairman informed the Working Group that one Bureau member , Michael Bliss ( Australia ) , was no longer available to serve in that capacity .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	57	The Commission is unaware of any developments during the period currently under review that would cause it to revise its conclusion that , until the positions of either or both of the parties are modified , there is nothing more that the Commission can do . As noted in its twelfth report , the Commission , in keeping with its undertaking to continue its work if the parties cooperate fully in the manner foreseen in the Algiers Agreement , is maintaining its presence in the area , but it has reduced its activity to the minimum compatible with its being able to resume it , if and when the parties make it possible for the Commission to do so . The Commission is still maintaining its field offices in both capitals , but with reduced staff .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	20	Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations ( A/ES-10/132 ) The President : In keeping with the established practice , I should now like to invite the attention of the General Assembly to document A/ES-10/132 , which contains a letter addressed to me by the Secretary-General informing the Assembly that 14 Member States are in arrears in the payment of their financial contributions to the United Nations within the terms of Article 19 of the Charter . I should like to remind delegations that , under Article 19 of the Charter ,
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	45	We believe that that in turn would stimulate democratic and social and economic change on the island . The Russian Federation considers that the continuation of the commercial , economic and financial embargo imposed by the United States of America against Cuba is not in keeping with the spirit of the times and the state of modern international relations , is a remnant of the cold war and ideological confrontation and is hindering the establishment of a new , just world order for the twenty-first century based on the fundamental principles of the Charter of the United Nations and international law . The recent decision to tighten sanctions against Cuba shows that the United States administration , unfortunately , is still following coercive approaches .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	30	Upon the receipt at the Administrative Tribunal of a submission that meets the procedural requirements , one copy is transmitted to the other party . The remaining copies are initially kept at the tribunal secretariat for use by legal officers and members of the Tribunal . Once a judgement has been rendered , one set of the documents is sent for translation and another is sent to archives .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	34	Incidentally , I should like to confirm here the French decision — and its implementation — to accompany World Food Programme convoys to the coasts of Somalia , effective as of yesterday . In keeping with Article 99 of the Charter , the Secretary-General has always brought to our attention the most serious situations of violations of international humanitarian law and of human rights . We are grateful to him for his initiative to further strengthen the Council 's early warning mechanism , based on paragraphs 138 and 139 of the Outcome Document ( General Assembly resolution 60/1 ) of the 2005 World Summit .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	17	The Commission is mindful of such other aspects of the General Assembly 's agenda item . In keeping with the mandate set out in Article 13 ( 1 ) ( a ) of the Charter of the United Nations , the Commission continues to promote the progressive development and codification of international law . In its current work , the Commission has sought to comply with requests from the General Assembly and is preparing draft treaty texts , guidelines and other instruments on a significant range of legal issues .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	103	In this connection , we place our confidence in the leadership of the President of the General Assembly , and we hope that , in the next few months , we will find a way to move this process forward and achieve the outcome that we all have anticipated for so long . I should to conclude by saying that no reform of the United Nations will have the effect we all wish for without the long-awaited reform of the Security Council , so long as it does not take place we can not really speak of a United Nations that is in keeping with the times in which we are living — one that will truly meet the interests and aspirations of the entire international community . Mr. Chidumo ( Mozambique ) : My delegation welcomes the debate on the report of the Security Council and on the question of equitable representation on and increase in the membership of the Security Council and related matters .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	77	The Office of Human Resources Management commented that as part of its ongoing effort to improve the functions in Galaxy , the experience gained in the use of numeric scoring methods would be taken into account in considering other methods , which might be less time-consuming , that had emerged as a result of changes in technology since the publication of the report of the Secretary-General on human resources management reform three years ago . OIOS will keep this matter under review in the context of the impending study proposed to be conducted in accordance with General Assembly resolution 57/305 . Recommendation 3
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	63	Accordingly the five successor states would remit the arrears of SFRY up to 27 April 1992 in accordance with the proportions set forth in Article 5/2 Annex C to the Agreement on Succession Issues ( Vienna , 29 June 2001 ) . All the outstanding assessed contributions to the account of the former Yugoslavia ( SFRY ) to the Regular Budget and Peace Keeping Operations , assessed after 27 April 1992 should be reversed in the books and records of the United Nations . In addition , this would require the adjustments for the year 1992 to 4/12 of former Yugoslavia 's yearly assessment as the SFRY ceased to exist .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	27	At the date of the audit , UNHCR had not yet established a project implementation plan for the International Public Sector Accounting Standards . The Board will keep the implementation of the International Public Sector Accounting Standards under review and report on it to the General Assembly during the next reporting cycle . C. Detailed findings and recommendations
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	67	It therefore requests additional information on the characteristics and specific situation of the various ethnic groups , and emphasizes the need for information on the use of native languages and the situation of Afro-Peruvian communities . The Committee recommends that the State party continue to improve its census methodology to reflect the ethnic complexity of Peruvian society , bearing in mind the principle of self-identification , in keeping with the Committee 's general recommendation No. 8 and with paragraphs 10-12 of the guidelines for the Committee-specific report to be submitted by States parties under article 9 , paragraph 1 , of the Convention ( CERD/C/2007/1 ) . In this context , the Committee requests the State party to include in its next periodic report disaggregated statistics on the composition of the population .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	23	Separate meetings of the COP and the CMP will be held to adopt decisions and conclusions emerging from the current sessions . In keeping with the conclusions adopted by the SBI at its twenty-fourth session , 2 all meetings are scheduled to end at 6 p.m. , with exceptions determined by the Bureau of the COP or the Chairs of the subsidiary bodies . Given that six bodies will be meeting during this sessional period , the time available for contact groups and informal consultations will be very limited .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	62	Article 1 ( F ) denies refugee status to any person where there are serious reasons that he/she has committed one of the following crimes : crimes against peace , war crimes , crimes against humanity , serious non-political crimes , and acts contrary to the purposes and principles of the United Nations . A host State would therefore be acting in keeping with its obligations under the Convention if it denied refugee status to persons who are security concerns within the meaning of article 1 , and could expel them under the terms of article 32 . In such cases , the host State can expel the person to another country other than where he or she risks persecution as long as certain due process guarantees have been complied with .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	73	We believe that Iraqis from all ethnic , linguistic , political and geographical backgrounds can be unified by making the well-being of children a national priority . So powerful is the pull of supporting and helping children that , immediately after the war , when the looting and burning of Baghdad was at its height , UNICEF 's national staff dug into their own pockets and pulled together $ 95 , 000 to keep our office and programme running . In fact , it was for only three days that our office did not operate .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	47	The Committee has commented on this issue in the past ( see , for example , ibid. , para . I.58 With regard to workload standards , the Advisory Committee recalls its request in paragraph I.52 of its previous report2 that workload standards for conference services be kept under review in view of the potential for an increase in productivity as a result of the utilization of new technology . The Committee also recalls that the General Assembly , in its resolution 57/283 B , requested the Secretary-General to develop methods and indicators for assessing the performance of conference services from a full-system standpoint , recognized the need to develop or update existing workload standards and invited the Secretary-General to develop further performance indicators in order to evaluate the functions performed by the language services ( resolution 57/283 B , sect. II.A , para. 19 , and sect. II.B , paras. 4 and 5 ) .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	27	Others noted that there should be a correlation between the length of the scale period and the length of the base period . The Committee decided to keep under review the issue of the base period in the light of its general mandate and would welcome further guidance by the General Assembly . Debt-burden adjustment
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	73	These , plus sexual and gender-based violence in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and elsewhere , represent a strong warning that the efforts of United Nations bodies and Member States are not enough . While sharing the view that humanitarian access , among other things , is critical to protecting civilians in armed conflict , we hold that humanitarian access and assistance should be independent of political and military measures , in keeping with the principles of humanity , neutrality , impartiality and independence and in conformity with national and international law . We are mindful of the millions of people who are still excluded from access to life-saving assistance and of continued attacks targeting United Nations personnel , relief workers and other humanitarian staff in many conflict places .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	46	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of programmes of assistance to the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations decisions relating to decolonization , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly ,
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	21	Both were under the meet mark of 1.10.8 set in 1950 by Mal Whitfield . Mills shot out in front and kept the lead through two thirds of the race . Then Kerr , a graduate student from Illinois , moved past him on a straightaway and held off Mills 's challenge on the final turn .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	90	The decision to further deepen its formal commitment by signing both covenants — since a real commitment has always existed and since it was the Cuban Revolution that guaranteed respect for the human rights of Cubans — is another example of what our country can do when there are no political conditionalities and when it is not unfairly singled out . So it is that today , 10 December , on Human Rights Day , our country — in a free and sovereign manner , without external pressure and in keeping with its conscience and determination and in the exercise of its sovereignty — announces the signing of these two important human rights instruments as a further step forward in Cuba 's commitment . In accordance with the commitment that it entered into by supporting the creation of the new Human Rights Council and its procedures , Cuba is also preparing , in March 2009 , to present a report and to be reviewed under the universal periodic review mechanism established by the new Council .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	27	Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations ( A/S-25/4 ) The Temporary President : Next , I should like , in keeping with the established practice , to invite the attention of the General Assembly to document A/S-25/4 , which contains a letter addressed to the President of the General Assembly by the Secretary-General in which he informs the Assembly that 18 Member States are in arrears in the payment of their financial contributions to the United Nations within the terms of Article 19 of the Charter . I should like to remind delegations that , under Article 19 of the Charter ,
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Force in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its sixty-first session , under the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations peacekeeping forces in the Middle East ” , the sub-item entitled “ United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon ” . The delegations of Chile , Mauritania and the Sudan subsequently indicated that they had intended to vote in favour of the draft resolution as a whole .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	51	Expresses its full satisfaction at the devotion and efficiency with which the IDB President and his staff are running this institution to ensure its good performance , as it continues to make an invaluable contribution to the development and progress of Muslim populations . Calls on the Islamic Development Bank to keep up its beneficial action and strive to increase the mobilization of necessary resources for augmenting its services to the Member States , and to the Islamic Ummah at large . Commends the IDB for its donation of 500 million US dollars to assist the victims of the earthquake and the Tsunami in Indonesia , Maldives , Thailand , India and Sri Lanka .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	35	Introduction This report is submitted pursuant to the request of the Security Council contained in a statement by its President on 26 September 2001 ( see S/PRST/2001/25 ) in which the Council requested me to keep it regularly informed of the activities of the United Nations Peace-building Support Office in the Central African Republic ( BONUCA ) and the situation in that country . The report covers the period from July to December 2003 and relates the major developments in the Central African Republic in the political , security , military , economic and social fields , and in the area of human rights , as well as the activities of BONUCA , since my last report dated 20 June 2003 ( S/2003/661 ) .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	33	Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations ( A/58/360 ) The President : Before turning to the items on our agenda , I should like , in keeping with established practice , to invite the attention of the General Assembly to document A/58/360 , which contains a letter from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the General Assembly in which he informs the Assembly that 14 Member States are in arrears in the payment of their financial contributions to the United Nations within the terms of Article 19 of the Charter . I should like to remind delegations that , under Article 19 of the Charter ,
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	24	In this joint endeavour , all countries have the responsibility to act according to their common but differentiated responsibilities and respective capabilities . To keep up the momentum throughout the year and to contribute to solving this common problem , we need to further translate our words into solid action by establishing tangible and ambitious goals . The United Nations system must cultivate this global political thrust and enhance the areas where its contribution can better serve the objectives to be attained through common commitment and decisive partnerships .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	51	I should like to conclude by calling on all members of the Security Council to support the draft resolution submitted by the delegation of Qatar on behalf of the members of the Group of Arab States . We hope that the Council will be able to act without delay , in keeping with its important responsibilities . The President ( spoke in Spanish ) : I now call on the representative of Finland .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	57	Manual data maintained by departments or offices and sent to the Office of Human Resources Management is kept at the aggregate level and not categorized by gender , level or nationality and is therefore not useful for analytical purposes . It is noted that enhancements are being implemented to the PAS in 2002 and the importance of keeping complete electronic data on the IMIS system for each individual for the purpose of future analysis is stressed . As mentioned previously , the Organization is in the process of implementing a new staff selection system .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	31	Implementation of projects : fifth progress report The fifth progress report of the Secretary-General was submitted pursuant to General Assembly resolution 56/237 , in which the Assembly reiterated its decision to keep the implementation of the Development Account under review . Since its inception in 1997 , 90 projects in five tranches in all regions , with a total budget of $ 65 million , have been approved under the Development Account , each tranche with a different theme .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	59	These Ministerial Meetings are an effective mechanism for monitoring and evaluation , including the analysis of obstacles as well as sharing experiences on the progress in the implementation of the World Summit for Children goals , as well as for defining policy directives and strategic orientations . As such , they are also an important mechanism for advocacy to keep children and adolescents high on the political and social agenda of the region and of each country . The goal of the Kingston Consensus is to call on States parties to focus on what can be done from the year 2000 to accelerate progress towards the full implementation of World Summit Goals and to the Convention on the Rights of the Child and the Lima Accord and developing a future agenda .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	55	The Council will easily understand that from the point of view of my Government it is imperative to carefully prepare for the dialogue so that its conclusions can be accepted and be applicable to everyone . We are particularly happy that the facilitator has finally recognized that the Government 's position is defensible and in keeping with the spirit of Gaborone , and that in its latest statement the Council has called on all participants for support . My Government is very grateful to the Organization of African Unity ( OAU ) for having taken the necessary steps to provide support to the facilitator .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Operation in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its sixty-first session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Operation in Burundi ” . 44th plenary meeting 31 October 2006
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	35	The Board notes that action is ongoing by the United Nations Human Settlements Programme ( UN-Habitat ) in respect of the following recommendations . The Board has included comments , where appropriate , and will keep the matter under review . ( a ) Recommendation in paragraphs 11 ( a ) and 28 that UN-Habitat financially close all operationally completed projects to ensure that only records of ongoing projects are kept and that pertinent expenditures are charged only to these project accounts ; and restrict access to the senior officer to limit the risk of modification of closed projects .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	30	However , the use of modern technology should not obscure the need to replenish the Library 's printed materials . Most of the publications related to peace and security were kept in the United Nations library in Geneva , causing obvious inconvenience to the delegations in New York . Bangladesh welcomed the Department 's efforts to enhance the technical capabilities of the information centres .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	52	Mr. de Alba ( Mexico ) said that , rather than make a formal address to the Committee , he simply wished to encourage it to hold a wide-ranging discussion on its working methods , including the usefulness of the general debate . A thorough review of those methods would be in keeping with the spirit of the Monterrey Consensus and of General Assembly resolution 57/270 B on integrated and coordinated implementation of and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic and social fields . Mr. Butagira ( Uganda ) said it was regrettable that , despite the third United Nations Conference on the Least Developed Countries , the International Conference on Financing for Development and the Johannesburg Summit on Sustainable Development , current trends in resource flows to developing countries had fallen short of the level needed to attain the goal of halving poverty by 2015 .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	38	The Government was committed to developing a framework for social and equality statistics , and work had begun on the formulation of data and statistics strategies in each government department . Ireland 's reservations to the Convention were kept under regular review . Following the enactment of the Equality Act 2004 , he had sought legal advice with regard to the reservation on article 11 , paragraph 1 , which was being maintained because of very limited exclusions in the Employment Equality Act 1998 .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	39	“ The Security Council emphasizes the importance of maintaining strong support for AMIS until any eventual transition is completed . The Security Council looks forward to an early decision from the African Union Peace and Security Council and will keep this issue under consideration with a view to reviewing the options submitted by the Secretary-General . “ The Security Council stresses the importance of urgently reaching a successful conclusion of the Abuja Talks and calls on all parties to negotiate in good faith in order to reach a peace accord as soon as possible .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-sixth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo ” . 97th plenary meeting 27 March 2002
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	45	UNBISnet ( http : //unbisnet.un.org ) , which comprises the Library 's major databases , including its public catalogue , has received more than 700 , 000 hits since it was opened to the public , free of charge , in September 2000 . In keeping with the Organization 's renewed emphasis on multilingualism , the Library launched the Arabic , Chinese and Russian versions of its own web page on 6 July 2001 . The page entitled “ United Nations documentation : research guide ” ( http : //www.un.org/ Depts/dhl/resguide ) is being translated into all official languages ; the Arabic and French versions have already been posted .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	48	Most recently , paragraph 33 of resolution 1735 ( 2006 ) provides for review of the sanctions after 18 months . This regular review of the continued validity of sanctions and the methodology used to impose them plays an integral part in providing the due process needed to keep sanctions fair and viable . Partial and global listings
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	57	Although the Palestine refugee problem was humanitarian in nature , the problem was essentially political , because some parties had refused to comply with the provisions of General Assembly resolution 194 ( III ) . Consequently , UNRWA had become a permanent and indispensable and would remain as such until the Palestine refugee problem was resolved in keeping with the norms of international law . Mr. Arrouchi ( Morocco ) said that UNRWA was a symbol of the international community 's commitment to solving the Palestine refugee problem .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	31	Everyone needs clarity with regard to the future status of Kosovo . The sustained support of the Council and key Member States is essential , and I call upon them to keep Kosovo on their agenda as we move forward . I welcome the commitment shown throughout 2006 by the Government of Kosovo to the implementation of the standards , and especially to the 13 priority points identified by the Contact Group .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	20	Bill Weigand was good and tired of the wall opposite , and the crack in the plaster . Let Mullins keep the firm seat ; let Stein . When Siamese cats are intertwined it is difficult to tell where one leaves off and another begins .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	46	Having considered the report of the Commission on its thirty-seventh session , Reiterating its concern that activities undertaken by other bodies in the field of international trade law without adequate coordination with the Commission might lead to undesirable duplication of efforts and would not be in keeping with the aim of promoting efficiency , consistency and coherence in the unification and harmonization of international trade law , Reaffirming the mandate of the Commission , as the core legal body within the United Nations system in the field of international trade law , to coordinate legal activities in this field , in particular to avoid duplication of efforts , including among organizations formulating rules of international trade , and to promote efficiency , consistency and coherence in the modernization and harmonization of international trade law , and to continue , through its secretariat , to maintain close cooperation with other international organs and organizations , including regional organizations , active in the field of international trade law ,
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	25	Sir Jeremy Greenstock ( United Kingdom ) : It is a great pleasure , Mr. President , to see you in the Chair . In keeping with your style , please accept my abbreviated compliments . Likewise your predecessor , who did excellent work in November .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	47	Serious problems had been pointed out with regard to the current reporting system under the main human rights treaties . As a result of the excessive reporting burden , States parties tended to delay or even fail to submit their reports , and committees were unable to keep up with the volume of reports . Moreover , as the number of human rights treaties increased , so did the work of treaty bodies , the membership of the committees , the number of sessions they must hold and the financial burden to be shouldered .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	46	The basis for Russian penal enforcement legislation and its application in practice includes the Constitution , generally recognized principles and standards of international law and the international treaties to which the Russian Federation is a party . Russian penal enforcement legislation is on the whole in keeping with the requirements set out in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights , the European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms , the Standard Minimum Rules for the Treatment of Prisoners , the European Prison Rules and other international instruments ; in many instances , it is more progressive . For example , it makes allowance for lengthy prison visits by family members .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	20	OIOS considers that CICP has been implementing recommendation 8 , which involves an ongoing process . OIOS will continue to keep that process under review in the context of follow-up to the OIOS inspection referred to in paragraph 4 above . Recommendation 9. Fund-raising for operational activities. The Centre should develop proposals for a fund-raising strategy and present them to the Commission at its eighth session .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	64	Mr. Salama agreed with Ms. Hampson 's suggestion to terminate the working group and move the issue to a sub-item of the Sub-Commission 's agenda . He also agreed with Ms. Hampson 's proposal that the Sub-Commission could gather and examine information in relation to transnational corporations and submit this information to the Commission for further action , an activity that would be in keeping with the Sub-Commission 's role of “ think tank ” . Ms. Chung also agreed with the latter suggestion that the Sub-Commission could gather and examine information in relation to the human rights responsibilities of transnational corporations .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	45	Reiterates its firm support for the mission of good offices of the Secretary-General in order to assist the parties in complying with the request made by the General Assembly in its resolutions on the question of the Falkland Islands ( Malvinas ) ; Decides to keep under review the question of the Falkland Islands ( Malvinas ) subject to the directives that the General Assembly has issued and may issue in that regard . Chapter XIII
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	54	In the Treasury , one staff member will travel to all three newly established missions , as well as to UNLB and the Sudan , to assess and address banking needs and procedures ( $ 36 , 000 ) . As banking processes advance rapidly on the global level , the Department needs to keep abreast of changes in order to implement money-saving trends in the missions with respect to cash management and ensure multi-currency convertibility for the United Nations system . To that end , two staff members will attend an international banking conference ( $ 16 , 000 ) .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	40	All in all , the Committee felt that the instrument required more than minor amendments to be consistent with modern reality . Therefore , and contrary to the line of thought underlying the previous treaties , ILA did not favour keeping the Moon Agreement in its current reading . Concerning possible improvements to the Moon Agreement , most members of the ILA Committee had in mind the sharp disagreement surrounding Part XI of the Convention on the Law of the Sea dealing with the seabed and ocean floor beyond the limits of national jurisdiction .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	38	The time had come for all such commitments in support of indigenous peoples to be carried out . The safeguards contained in the draft resolution should enable any Member State to respect the needs of indigenous peoples in keeping with its own legislation . Therefore , his delegation would vote against the amendments submitted .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	27	( iii ) Office of Military Affairs In the context of the restructuring proposals , the current Military Division is renamed the Office of Military Affairs while keeping the same structure . The Military Adviser post , currently funded under the regular budget at the D-2 level , is proposed to be upgraded to the level of Assistant Secretary-General .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	38	That is a necessary precondition , which prompts me to ask the following question . Are the measures of laying siege , the attacks and the actions that hamper the normal activities of the Palestinian Authority truly in keeping with the new momentum that we wish to see in the search for peace in the Middle East ? We must recall that peace in the Middle East means the creation of the Palestinian State and the recognition of Israel , its right to existence within secure , recognized borders .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	81	As the proposals of the Secretary-General had been mandated by the 2005 World Summit Outcome , neither they , nor the Member States ' response to them , should be seen as advancing the interests of only one , or a few , Member States . His delegation supported the establishment of a new post of Chief Information Technology Officer. It trusted that , if the new post was approved , it would be filled in a transparent manner and in keeping with the principle of equitable geographical distribution . Recalling the abnormal recruitment practices described by the Office of Internal Oversight Services in its report on the comprehensive management audit of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations ( A/60/717 ) , which included hand-picking candidates not on recruitment shortlists , his delegation feared that , if such bad governance continued unchallenged , the Organization would never appropriately reflect its international character and would find its integrity and legitimacy undermined .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	24	And market size matters when a marketable idea is converted into a business activity . The ability of the local environment to attract and keep from the global pool of savings is also a sign — among others — of good public stewardship . The same applies to people. Although the integration trends in the world seem unstoppable now , monitoring and measuring the direction and the quality of flows between the local and global environments can provide a useful indication of the soundness of the overall regulatory framework that has been put in place by local governments. Therefore , the following indicators seem useful :
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	52	His pension is the same $ 37 , 000.00 that he would have received had he demitted office at the end of his first four years . This is $ 38 , 000.00 less than the ICJ judge serving the same eight years — again , an outcome that is not in keeping with the statutory requirement that his conditions of service be the same as those of the ICJ judge . The ICJ judge demits office after nine years service on 17 November 2006 .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	82	The Abernathys said it to each other a dozen times a day . Something had to be done about the furnace , the fuel bills , the washing machine , the doctor and dentist bills , about making money stretch for food , for the mortgage , for taxes , for shoes , for half soles , for overshoes , for clothes , for the new leaks in the roof , for gas and light bills ; about keeping warm , about keeping well , about meeting the minor emergencies that came up once , twice , fifty times a day . Just dropping the baby 's bottle and breaking it became a catastrophe , and Stuart wore out his shoes so fast that he was termed a major disaster .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	90	We look forward to cooperating with the United Nations and others in undertaking a comprehensive review of how to broaden and deepen the pool of civilian experts and improve their interoperability . In conclusion , I should to thank you again , Mr. President , for the opportunity to participate in this debate , to reiterate our gratitude to the Secretary-General for the important report that has brought all together and for the valuable ideas that he has shared with us , and finally , to underline our willingness to keep working to improve all our efforts in this area . Mr. Gutiérrez Reinel ( Peru ) ( spoke in Spanish ) : I should like at the outset to highlight the fact that the Security Council scheduled this open debate on post-conflict peacebuilding shortly after the recent submission of the report of the Secretary-General on peacebuilding in the immediate aftermath of conflict ( S/2009/304 ) to the Organizational Committee of the Peacebuilding Commission and , in particular , shortly after the conclusion of the high-level Conference on the World Financial and Economic Crisis and Its Impact on Development .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	18	Only the headquarters Treasury was authorized to carry out treasury operations . Field offices were not allowed to keep contributions or donations , or to invest locally . The above-mentioned cash-management guidelines and procedures do not adequately address the organization of cash management between headquarters and field offices nor provide detailed guidance on matters such as the amounts authorized to be kept in bank accounts ( in headquarters and field office accounts ) .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	47	These goods may not be removed from a Customs Controlled Area ( an area licensed by Customs ) except with approval from the New Zealand Customs Service . Included in the conditions of a Customs Controlled Area are the requirements that all goods including firearms must be kept in a secure environment , and that personnel are subjected to security checks . E ) Law enforcement/illegal trafficking
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	69	Failure to uphold them will not only weaken the role of women in the maintenance of peace and security , but will also hamper our quest for lasting peace and reconciliation . We can not merely depend on women 's courage and resolve to participate in every stage of peace and security processes ; we must also establish programmes and promulgate effective legislation and social policies that are in keeping with the new social traditions of various societies and seek to protect the dignity and status of women in those societies . Identifying ways and means to empower women , including sharing sound practices and promoting women 's roles in decision-making at all levels , is essential for the effective implementation of resolution 1325 ( 2000 ) .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	36	He was on his way to New York and was held for five hours before being authorized to continue his journey . The observer of the Sudan stated that such treatment was unacceptable and not in keeping with the Headquarters Agreement or diplomatic practice . The Sudan considered the detention to be in violation of international law .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	57	A proposal to insert “ effective ” after “ all available ” , supported by Chile , the United Kingdom , Mexico and the Netherlands , was opposed by Bangladesh , China , Egypt , the Islamic Republic of Iran , Poland , the Russian Federation and the United States . Several delegates and non-governmental organizations supported keeping the bracketed text “ unreasonably prolonged ” used in all similar communications . China , Bangladesh , Egypt and the Islamic Republic of Iran supported its deletion .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	113	Expresses the hope that the Government of Cuba will continue its efforts to boost religious freedom and will initiate measures designed to facilitate the transition towards the establishment of a fruitful dialogue with all schools of thought and organized political groups in Cuban society , notwithstanding the delicate international environment , with the aim of fostering the all-round development of democratic institutions and civil liberties ; Urges the Government of Cuba , within the context of the full exercise of its sovereignty , to cooperate with the Personal Representative of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights by facilitating the discharge of her mandate , as other sovereign States must do in keeping with the purposes and principles set out in the Charter of the United Nations ; Decides to consider this matter further at its sixty-first session , under the same agenda item .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	38	UNDP action at the country level is now being tailored to the specific circumstances and status of the epidemic . In each case , the focus will be on the services requested by programme country clients and in keeping with the overall mandate of UNDP as a UNAIDS co-sponsor . Services offered by UNDP in the area of HIV/AIDS
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	45	At the same time , we should continue to call upon the donor community to provide the necessary financial assistance to enable the Government of Guinea-Bissau to fulfil its duties . I would like to thank the Governments that have met their commitments , thereby keeping hope alive for the people of Guinea-Bissau . In order to address the situation in Guinea-Bissau we should always keep in mind the specificities of a country facing a complex of not only political , but primarily social and economic , problems due to various causes .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	49	Letter dated 8 June 2005 from the Chairman of the Committee As you are aware , the General Assembly , by its resolution 59/28 of 1 December 2004 , has again requested the Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People “ to continue to keep under review the situation relating to the question of Palestine and to report and make suggestions to the General Assembly , the Security Council or the Secretary-General as appropriate ” . By the same resolution , the Assembly requested the Secretary-General “ to continue to provide the Committee with all the necessary facilities for the performance of its tasks ” .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	26	It was important that it should receive the resources necessary for its protection and assistance functions . With respect to management , UNHCR should continue to keep its role and standards under review . UNHCR had played an important supporting and facilitating role in consultations in the Asia-Pacific region , with a view to promoting understanding and reinforcing cooperation at the practical and technical level .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	40	Paragraphs ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) The Working Group agreed that the word “ evidence ” appearing in the second sentence of paragraph ( 3 ) , and used in the 1976 version of the Rules should be kept and replace the words “ evidentiary materials ” which were proposed in earlier draft versions of that article ( A/CN.9/669 , para . With that modification , the Working Group adopted the substance of paragraph ( 3 ) .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	12	His name became synonymous with cold-blooded cruelty . Would we gain by keeping alive his memory and besmirching today 's Roman Catholics by saying he had a Catholic heart ? Let his bones and his memory rest in the fifteenth century where they belong ; he is out of place in our times .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	42	The plea of necessity likewise can not excuse the breach of a peremptory norm . It would be possible to incorporate this principle expressly in each of the articles of Chapter V , but it is both more economical and more in keeping with the overriding character of this class of norms to deal with the basic principle separately . Hence article 26 provides that nothing in Chapter V can preclude the wrongfulness of any act of a State which is not in conformity with an obligation arising under a peremptory norm of general international law .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	70	Ms. Diariam was pleased that the report gave details on disease patterns among women , as that information gave a more complete picture of the health situation of Macedonian women than could be gleaned from reproductive health data alone . It did not , however , contain any information on the kinds of women-centred services being provided to address the particular health problems and risks that affected women , in keeping with the Committee 's general recommendation No. 24 . She wondered if the Ministry of Health was fully aware of its responsibilities under that recommendation and under article 12 of the Convention , and whether it had developed , or was planning to develop , the competencies needed to fulfil those responsibilities .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	81	The Chairman drew attention to the report of the Secretary-General ( A/61/70 ) , which contained information provided by the administering Powers under Article 73 e of the Charter , and to draft resolution A/AC.109/2006/L.5 . Mr. Maleki ( Islamic Republic of Iran ) , referring to paragraph 2 of the draft resolution , proposed inserting the word “ regularly ” after the words “ continue to transmit ” in the second line , as such wording would be more in keeping with the Charter . Mr. Diarra ( Mali ) noted a discrepancy between paragraph 3 of the Secretary-General 's report and paragraph 2 of the draft resolution .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	31	The inclusion of permanent members from various regions — particularly from Latin America and the Caribbean and from Africa — should be particularly welcomed . The draft resolution is also in keeping with the attainment of the Millennium Goals , whose strategic vision is based on the closely linked triptych of development , security and human rights , in accordance with the report of the Secretary-General ( A/59/2005 ) . It is therefore up to us to take a decision on this issue and to continue our efforts to truly revitalize the General Assembly and reform the Economic and Social Council in order to ensure better coordination between the General Assembly and its bodies , as instituted by the Charter of the United Nations .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	129	3.2 According to the author , the Supreme Court has consistently taken the position that the assessment of evidence adduced in the course of proceedings is not a matter for an appeal in cassation , save in exceptional cases characterized by extreme arbitrariness or manifest irrationality . Moreover , the author argues that in rulings handed down after the Committee had delivered its opinion in the Gómez Vázquez case , the Constitutional Court has held that article 14 , paragraph 5 , of the Covenant does not actually establish the principle of a second hearing , but merely stipulates that the judgement and sentence should be referred to a higher court , and that an appeal in cassation , notwithstanding the restricted scope of this remedy , is in keeping with the review and safeguard function required by the Covenant . 3.3 In support of his complaint , the author cites the Committee 's concluding observations on the fourth periodic report of Spain , which recommend that the State party should institute a right of appeal against decisions of the National High Court in order to meet the requirements of article 14 , paragraph 5 , of the Covenant .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	48	CGE members have made presentations on the UNFCCC guidelines for the preparation of national communications from non-Annex I Parties and have served as chairs and rapporteurs in several of the workshops . Cooperation with other expert groups under the Convention and with the National Communications Support Programme In keeping with its mandate , the CGE fostered effective cooperation with other organizations and expert groups under the Convention to ensure the implementation of its work programme . A synopsis of the steps taken by the CGE in this regard is presented in tables 2 and 3 .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	28	After a thorough discussion characterized by transparency and vigour , the African mini-summit decided as follows : To establish , for an interim period , a force to keep the peace , ensure security and achieve stability in Central Africa under the auspices of President Omer Hassan Ahmed Al-Bashir , current Chairman of CEN-SAD , and of Colonel Muammar Al-Qadhafi by virtue of his responsibility for the achievement of security and peace within the Community , and to do so in coordination with President Ange-Félix Patassé of the Central African Republic and in consultation with the United Nations . The Secretary-General of OAU will also invite the Central Organ of the OAU Mechanism for Conflict Prevention , Management and Resolution to take a decision in this regard .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	52	Belarusian government officials took part in the seminar and considered the question of developing counter-terrorism laws and promoting international cooperation on counter-terrorism . A detailed analysis of counter-terrorism norms in Belarusian law was conducted , with the participation of international experts , showing the norms to be sufficiently advanced and fully in keeping with the provisions of the international counter-terrorism agreements to which Belarus is a party . The need to make additions to legislation arose , mainly in connection with ratification of the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	55	To avoid a repetition of the reference to Board decision IDB.28/Dec.2 , perhaps the reference at the end of the fourth paragraph could be deleted and the report mentioned at the beginning of the paragraph be identified by a symbol . Mr. FRANGIEH ( Lebanon ) said he would prefer the two paragraphs to be kept separate ; however , if they were to be combined , a solution might be to use the wording of the fifth preambular paragraph and add the words “ and that the Secretariat take into consideration the conclusions of the report on the assessment/evaluation of UNIDO 's field representation ” , using language taken from paragraph ( d ) of decision IDB.28/Dec.2 . Ms. LAVERY ( United Kingdom ) thought that the paragraphs should be kept separate , as they covered two separate points .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	33	Its current role is limited to administration and financial management . There has been apparent difficulty in obtaining expenditure records from UNOPS in a timely manner and UNDP RBAS has been forced to keep its own duplicate records , which are unlikely to include more than estimates as actual expenditure records are maintained by UNOPS . Given the development of the UNDP Regional Service Centre , the SURF and substantive backstopping capacity at the Regional Bureau headquarters , more direct programme management mechanisms should be considered with the support of the Executive Board if necessary .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	25	- The Security Council is often too reactive rather than proactive ; - Good Offices have been under resourced , including the humanitarian and peace keeping side ; - The need to recognize conflict prevention as a long-term systemic effort. ( “ Somalia has been a “ stop go effort ” for 20 years ” ) ;
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	67	The convergence working group acknowledged that and also looked beyond that possibility at convergence options which , through changes to NACE and/or NAICS , would lead to greater comparability by either reducing or eliminating the “ many-to-many ” relationships or adopting a common structure at a given level . The common structure could involve making changes to NACE and NAICS to adopt a common structure or even keeping the same structure and same numbering system . The changes for reduced or eliminated many-to-many linkages could be done while retaining the autonomy of the individual systems and achieved through reaggregation of classes , in addition to changing the content of some classes to allow better comparisons at any given level .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	55	Calls upon the Board of Trustees of the Fund to report to the Commission at its fifty-seventh session and to present an updated assessment of the global need for international funding of rehabilitation services for victims of torture and of lessons learned from the activities of the Fund ; Requests the Secretary-General to continue to keep the Commission informed of the operations of the Fund on an annual basis ; Urges States parties whose arrears pre-date the provision made by the Secretary-General for funding the Committee against Torture from the regular budget to fulfil their obligations forthwith ;
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	37	However , the assistance to be provided by one State to another on any aspect of the implementation of the resolution is a matter for agreement between them . The Counter-Terrorism Committee would be grateful to be kept informed of any such arrangements and on their outcome . “ Stage A ” matters may be summarized under two priority headings :
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	93	The Council considered and took note of the report of the Executive Secretary on the distribution of payments and transparency and the return of undistributed funds , and requested the secretariat to continue to inform the Council of the reports of Governments and international organizations on the distribution of payments and the return of undistributed funds . The Council considered the payment of environmental claims and the monitoring of the use of environmental compensation awards and referred these matters to a meeting of the Working Group for its further consideration , and will keep them on its agenda . The Council discussed two recommendations made by the Board of Auditors .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	14	It was so decided . The President ( spoke in Arabic ) : In keeping with established practice , I should now like to invite the attention of the General Assembly to document A/ES-10/368 , concerning Article 19 of the Charter . May I take it that the General Assembly duly takes note of the information contained in this document ?
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	65	Mr. Mejdoub ( Tunisia ) ( spoke in French ) : Mr. President , allow me to convey to you our most sincere thanks for having acceded to the request of the Non-Aligned Movement that this open meeting of the Security Council be convened to consider the Iraq crisis . All signs had indicated that this issue was going to be resolved peacefully , in keeping with the norms of international law , relevant Council resolutions and the principles of the Charter of the United Nations . But now we see that it has resurfaced in a way that threatens to plunge the world into crisis .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	52	In that way they tried wittingly to antagonize the Palestinians and induce them to respond in kind , thus precipitating the failure of the road map . The Israeli decision to kill or expel President Arafat is a continuation of their general policy aimed at defeating any peace initiative and continuing to keep their grip on the Palestinian land . It is regrettable that once again last week — and for the thirty-sixth time — the United States resorted to the veto in order to block the passage of a draft resolution , which would have criticized the Israeli regime for its crime against the Palestinians and urged the Israelis not to deport President Arafat .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	50	The recently established National Authority for Child Protection and Adoption played a central role on issues relating to children in difficulty , while civil society had made a substantial contribution to the policy and to implementation of the reform . Lastly , new legislation was being introduced which was in keeping with the provisions of the treaties and conventions ratified by Romania in the field of child protection , particularly with regard to adoptions . Mr. Chowdhury ( Bangladesh ) said that Bangladesh had been one of the first countries to ratify the Convention on the Rights of the Child and its two optional protocols .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	72	( c ) To continue to consult with regional leaders , in coordination with the President of the African Union , in order to prepare an international conference on peace , security and development in Central Africa and in the Great Lakes region , under the auspices of the United Nations and the African Union , to address the problems of the region in a comprehensive manner ; ( d ) To keep under review the humanitarian and economic situation in the Democratic Republic of the Congo with a view to promoting participation in and support for a programme of financial and material assistance to the country to enable it to meet urgent needs in terms of economic recovery and reconstruction ; ( e ) To submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session a report on the actions taken pursuant to the present resolution .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	56	They can serve both as an incentive to forgo the acquisition of weapons of mass destruction and as a deterrent . The EU calls on all States in the Middle East to make that region into an effectively verifiable zone free of nuclear weapons and other weapons of mass destruction and their delivery systems , in keeping with the resolution on the Middle East adopted at the 1995 NPT Review and Extension Conference . The EU continues to attach great importance to the development of internationally recognized nuclear-weapon-free zones , established on the basis of arrangements freely arrived at among States of the regions concerned , as elaborated in the guidelines adopted by the Disarmament Commission at its 1999 substantive session .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	53	He hoped that the work of the Organization in 2000 would reflect the Committee 's achievements . Mr. Talbot ( Guyana ) , speaking on behalf of the Group of 77 and China , said that during the current session the Committee had sought to extend its horizons in a manner fully in keeping with the Charter of the United Nations . While that had led to intense discussions , he was gratified by the commitment to partnership , understanding and consensus-building which had characterized the majority of the Committee 's work .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	46	One of the main roles of the National Radiological Protection Board is to issue authorizations regarding the import and export of nuclear material and nuclear material transiting through Maltese territory . All pertinent information is contained in the national report , which is also entirely in keeping with European Union legislation . If the Committee requires an update on new legislation , kindly note that since the submission of the report of Malta in October 2004 , there have been no developments concerning new or additional legislation on export control or to prohibit non-State actors from manufacturing or acquiring such weapons .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	62	The Minister also has the discretion to prohibit the importation or exportation of explosives and only a wholesale dealer or a person authorized on that behalf by the Minister shall import explosives into Guyana : Sections 9 and 10 respectively . Further , the Explosives Regulations Chapter 16 : 06 details the procedures for importation and trans-shipment of explosives ; and the keeping , packing and mode of conveyance of explosives . The Explosives ( Sale , Purchase and Possession ) Regulations Chapter No. 17 of 1954 addresses the issuing of a permit for the acquisition and sale of explosives .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	15	I therefore propose to cancel tomorrow 's meeting . I propose also that the Secretariat keep two lists , one for delegations willing to make their statements on Thursday or , if additional time is necessary , on Friday , and the second for delegations that absolutely can not make their statements until next week . The latter list would be for Monday ; if additional time is needed , it would continue on Tuesday or even on Wednesday .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	73	At the same time , the United Nations is involved in a comprehensive reform process aimed at enabling it to adapt its structure and functioning to current realities and to make it more effective and more credible with regard to its capacity to respond and react rapidly . There can be no doubt that the current level of representation on the Security Council — which has only 15 members — is not in keeping with international realities . Since the creation of the Organization , not only has the number of countries Members of the Organization increased disproportionately in relation to the number of members of the Council , but the axis of global power in 1945 , reflected in the distribution of permanent seats on the Council , has changed .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	33	Each side states that it is acting in Darfur 's interest ; they must now prove it . Those who continue to engage in violence must lay down their weapons immediately , in keeping with their successive public commitments . Those who have stayed away from the negotiating table should join it while there is still time .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	30	Following a discussion of various aspects , the Committee agreed to support the proposal for a further meeting of the working group in the future . It also agreed to keep the question of reservations under review at future sessions . Other matters
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	64	We join other States in calling for the humanitarian situation in those countries to be addressed as soon as possible and for the provision of the necessary humanitarian assistance to the countries that have been affected by the conflicts to which he referred . There is no doubt that the humanitarian situation in Darfur , Chad and the Central African Republic requires that we keep working to ensure that the Governments of those countries continue their efforts to address it . That should be done in cooperation and coordination with the Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs in an effort to provide the necessary protection for the staff of humanitarian relief organizations .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	45	In addition to describing steps to provide the general protection against acts prohibited under article 7 to which anyone is entitled , the State party should provide detailed information on safeguards for the special protection of particularly vulnerable persons . It should be noted that keeping under systematic review interrogation rules , instructions , methods and practices as well as arrangements for the custody and treatment of persons subjected to any form of arrest , detention or imprisonment is an effective means of preventing cases of torture and ill-treatment . To guarantee the effective protection of detained persons , provisions should be made for detainees to be held in places officially recognized as places of detention and for their names and places of detention , as well as for the names of persons responsible for their detention , to be kept in registers readily available and accessible to those concerned , including relatives and friends .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	108	A plan for the expansion of the University 's activities and for the enhancement of its academic programme is now being implemented to make the University a focus of global efforts in the study of and education for peace . The University for Peace was established in December 1980 pursuant to General Assembly resolution 35/55 in order to provide humanity with an international institution of higher education for peace and with the aim of promoting among all human beings the spirit of understanding , tolerance and peaceful coexistence , to stimulate cooperation among peoples and to help lessen obstacles and threats to world peace and progress , in keeping with the noble aspirations proclaimed in the Charter of the United Nations . It is headquartered at its campus of over 300 hectares located on the outskirts of San José , Costa Rica .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	96	Requests the Committee to continue to exert all efforts to promote the realization of the inalienable rights of the Palestinian people , including their right to self-determination , to support the Middle East peace process and to mobilize international support for and assistance to the Palestinian people , and authorizes the Committee to make such adjustments in its approved programme of work as it may consider appropriate and necessary in the light of developments and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its sixty-fourth session and thereafter ; Also requests the Committee to continue to keep under review the situation relating to the question of Palestine and to report and make suggestions to the General Assembly , the Security Council or the Secretary-General , as appropriate ; Further requests the Committee to continue to extend its cooperation and support to Palestinian and other civil society organizations and to continue to involve additional civil society organizations in its work in order to mobilize international solidarity and support for the Palestinian people , particularly during this critical period of humanitarian hardship and financial crisis , with the overall aim of promoting the achievement by the Palestinian people of its inalienable rights and a peaceful settlement of the question of Palestine ;
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	49	During the period under review , the Committee on Budget and Finance gave consideration , on the basis of documents prepared by the Registry , to the entitlements of the Members of the Tribunal at the beginning and end of their terms of office . The Tribunal decided to keep this matter under review . E. Reports of the auditor for 2004 and 2005-2006
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	22	Mr. Banner kept $ 400 , 000 for himself and gave $ 400 , 000 to Mr. Alan . Both of them kept the money for their personal use . At the request of Ms. Chung , Ms. Dee purchased a villa in Zeitstaat on her behalf for $ 2 million .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	83	On both occasions it received the support of both GRULAC and the Group of 77 and China. As this is the only obstacle that has prevented us from ratifying the Treaty , and now that the internal procedures have been carried out , once agreement has been reached allowing for the contributions that have accumulated so far to be written off , Colombia will deposit the corresponding instrument of ratification and from that moment will begin paying its contributions to the Commission in keeping with its new legal status under the Treaty . In our efforts to break out of this situation , we are grateful for the interest that many States have already shown in providing a formula or solution to overcome these obstacles and allow us to ratify the Treaty as soon as possible , as we have always wished to do .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	45	In all of our efforts with regard to Darfur , be they through UNAMID or the joint mediation effort , the African Union continues to be a vital partner . In that regard , Turkey believes that it will be important for the Council to keep listening intently to the calls made by the African Union on different and sensitive aspects of the Darfur crisis . We welcome the draft resolution prepared by the delegation of the United Kingdom to extend the mandate of UNAMID for one more year .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	56	Under the Defence Ministry 's programme on the promotion and strengthening of human rights , talks , lectures , courses and workshops are organized both for the entire armed forces and at the international level , in coordination with the ICRC regional office in Mexico . Lastly , it should be mentioned that Mexico , in keeping with its commitment to the rules and principles underlying the laws of armed conflict and international human rights law , recently completed various legislative amendments , including the following : Article 22 of the Constitution was amended to abolish the death penalty ( Diario Oficial , 9 December 2005 ) ; The Code of Military Justice was amended to abolish the death penalty ( Diario Oficial , 26 June 2005 ) ; Article 21 , paragraph 5 , of the Constitution was amended to acknowledge the jurisdiction of the International Criminal Court ( Diario Oficial , 20 June 2005 ) ; The Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court was ratified ( Diario Oficial , 31 December 2005 ) .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	36	He described seeing six sealed opaque plastic sacks , about 16 '' x 10 '' , filled with diamonds , arrive through this route in March 2001 . This centralization of diamonds would allow UNITA to keep control of its diamond assets . UNITA diamond sales outside Angola are managed by UNITA representatives .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	29	The Board notes that action is ongoing by the United Nations in respect of the following recommendations . The Board has included comments , where appropriate , and will keep the matter under review . ( a ) Recommendation in paragraphs 13 ( b ) and 35 that the Office of Programme Planning , Budget and Accounts review trust funds whose purposes have long been attained in order to close those that are inactive and no longer required .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	2	Objectives In keeping with the principle of national ownership , the Government of Guinea-Bissau has identified the following key priorities for the consolidation of peace in the country : ( a ) Elections and institutional support to the Electoral Commission ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	52	As regards Northern Uganda and the Lord 's Resistance Army 's ( LRA ) activities , we are encouraged to hear his positive assessment of the negotiations in the Juba process . At the same time , it is important to reiterate the message sent by Mr. Egeland and which is in keeping with the President of the Council 's message last week , encouraging the parties to increase their efforts to put an end to this long and painful conflict that has included some of the worst possible atrocities against the civilian population . The peace process should be brought to a conclusion as soon as possible .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	47	We welcome the good conditions in which the elections took place and the strong voter participation . Although we do not yet have the final results , we continue to hope that the moderate parties will make significant gains and that the final outcome will be in keeping with the expectations of the international community regarding the establishment of a multi-ethnic , tolerant and prosperous Bosnia and Herzegovina . It is now up to the newly elected officials to redouble their efforts to improve the living conditions of the citizens and to channel their energies in order to curb unemployment and create good prospects for young people .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	52	“ Terrorist group ” is defined by reference to the Framework Decision , i.e. a structured group of more than two persons , established over a period of time and acting in concert to commit terrorist offences . Section 6 makes provision for terrorist offences by reference to those definitions and in keeping with the requirements of the EU Framework Decision . Subsection ( 1 ) provides that a person who engages in terrorist activity or terrorist-linked activity in , or in certain circumstances outside , the State , is guilty of an offence .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	32	They have not used facilities available to them from the United Nations for more then 2 , 000 hours of negotiation . It is no wonder that there is a tendency to keep , or to take , arms control initiatives out of the Conference on Disarmament . Nor are the consequences confined to the Conference on Disarmament .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	39	In the light of the foregoing , the Panel recommends no compensation for the claim . Ahmed Al Saleh & Sons Co. submitted a claim for lost cash , gold , antiques and Persian and Turkish rugs which were kept in the home of Mr. Ahmed Al Saleh , who is represented as the owner of the family business ( but is not a named stockholder of the claimant ) . The claimant submitted a statement from Mr. Ahmed Al Saleh wherein Mr. Ahmed Al Saleh enumerates the items of “ personal property ” stolen from his house .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	54	Therefore , we appeal once again to States that have not yet done so to accede to the 1995 Agreement as soon as possible . With regard to the forthcoming annual meeting of States parties to the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea , we wish to stress the importance of keeping the current mandate of that forum , which is to resolve administrative and budgetary issues related to the functioning of the bodies established under the Convention . The Russian Federation welcomes the fact that the Informal Consultative Process will continue its work for the next three years without changing its current mandate .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	36	Such an approach would lead to the negation of all the rules relating to time limits on reservations and would ultimately undermine the principle of “ pacta sunt servanda ” . It is also not in keeping with the practice followed by the Secretary-General of the United Nations , who considers that a single objection is enough to prevent the reservation from being made . This practice is reflected in draft guideline 2.3.3 .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	62	Accordingly , it is unclear , pending the mid-term review and Council discussions expected in November 2008 , whether the RAF will continue its current form and scope in GEF-5 , and whether it will be extended to the other focal areas . Governments that are interested in a potential role for the GEF in a future mercury framework may wish to keep themselves informed about the RAF 's status , so that they may consider its possible impact on a financial mechanism for mercury . The Multilateral Fund of the Montreal Protocol
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	54	Well aware of the importance attached to the protection and elevation of human dignity , Morocco also recommended that Saudi Arabia persist on this path , taking into account relevant international standards . It also recommended that Saudi Arabia identify and implement legal and procedural machinery to monitor and sanction cases of torture in keeping with national legislation and international commitments . It asked about current mechanisms to combat the scourge of human trafficking and requested clarification regarding efforts to increase women 's participation in the labour market .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	45	While the document we have before us generally meets that goal , the United States has reservations about certain aspects of this text . Specifically , in the section referring to the elimination of weapons of mass destruction , the document continues to refer to keeping all options open , including the possibility of convening an international conference to identify ways of eliminating nuclear dangers . The United States has strong and often repeated reservations to such a conference .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	44	Public opinion considered the punishment of perpetrators of domestic violence to be too lenient , and awareness of domestic violence as a serious social issue was increasing . Ms. Jang Ha-jin ( Republic of Korea ) said that , while married women tended to keep their own family names on marriage , parents must specifically agree to pass on the mother 's family name to children . Alternatively , the child could subsequently decide to take the mother 's family name .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	13	The Assembly has urged compliance with relevant guidelines on page limits . In keeping with past practice , all agreements reached on the length of individual documents are confirmed in the form of memorandums from the Under-Secretary-General for General Assembly and Conference Management to the heads of author departments and offices . Through such proactive advance waiver management , a total of 59 , 196 words ( 112 single-spaced pages ) were negotiated down from the level requested by author departments and offices for the second half of 2007 .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	45	Reiterates its firm support for the mission of good offices of the Secretary-General in order to assist the parties in complying with the request made by the General Assembly in its resolutions on the question of the Falkland Islands ( Malvinas ) ; Decides to keep under review the question of the Falkland Islands ( Malvinas ) subject to the directives that the General Assembly has issued and may issue in that regard . Chapter XII
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	68	According to the report of the FR Yugoslavia 's Coordination Center for Kosovo and Metohija for 2002/03 , some 8 , 000 Serbs working in healthcare were expelled ; some 4 , 000 remained , the majority of which have been working in the northern part of Kosovo and Metohija . At the end of 1999 , the Ministry of Health of the Republic of Serbia regrouped and kept some of the healthcare objects in Kosovo and Metohija in order to ensure primary healthcare service for the remaining ethnically discriminated population . Other healthcare institutions from the previous network of Serbia 's healthcare institutions continued to provide healthcare service exclusively to the Albanian population .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	29	`` Oh , now , I do n't know about that much '' , said Mr. Skyros . `` And you know , Angelo , Pretty , he always keeps it a strict cash basis , like they say '' - `` Sure '' , said Angie .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	62	His request was refused by the DEC Secretary , since , according to her , the entire list of signatures together with the record requested by the author , had already been transmitted to the Chief Election Commissioner . The author submits that under article 66 , part 6 , of the Belarus Electoral Code , lists of signatures had to be kept by the DEC until the termination of its functions . 2.4 The author submits that the DEC Secretary , who was at the same time the Administrator of the Executive Committee of the Soviet District of Gomel , was biased against the author from the very moment that his group approached her with a request to certify the list of signatures collected in support of a candidate with the seal of approval of the Executive Committee .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	31	There was a need for strategic cooperation between donors and the recipient African States , and donors must be assured that Africa was deserving of assistance . African funds must be kept in Africa . As the former Secretary-General of the United Nations , Mr. Boutros Boutros-Ghali , had said , Africa remained the great test of an effective agenda for development .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	29	As we are all aware , those weapons have become instruments of choice of terrorists to execute their acts . We hope that these steps , which are in keeping with the recommendations of the United Nations Plan of Action , would help in reinforcing our collective efforts to deal with this scourge . Illicit trade occurs because of illicit production or because licit production or licit stocks enter the gray and black markets , thus swelling the illicit weapons market .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	54	As a State that had always paid its assessed contributions to both the regular budget and peacekeeping accounts in full and on time , Bangladesh was concerned about the adverse situation created by the non-payment of contributions . Member States should pay their contributions in full , on time and without conditions , in keeping with their Charter obligations . Nevertheless , States that were temporarily unable to fulfil their financial obligations for reasons beyond their control should be given sympathetic consideration through the established procedures .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	48	It adds that , in other words , these personnel are to be integrated in the overall security organs and other departments of the Government as full members with similar rights and responsibilities . Mr. Gedi has stated to the Monitoring Group that the agreement entitles him to keep his old security force consisting of 175 soldiers , equipped either with Kalashnikovs or pistols , along with four “ technicals ” , each with a mounted machine gun , and two vehicles for use by commanders of his force . According to Mr. Gedi , the costs for these troops are to be borne by the Transitional Federal Government , and consequently , he has no funding needs for maintaining this armed force .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	53	Today , we call upon all of the parties in the Transitional Federal Government to overcome their differences and to unify their efforts to hasten the formation of a new Government to serve the people of Somalia . We also call for the coordination of all regional and international initiatives and efforts in keeping with the role of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General , in order to ensure that these efforts are mutually supportive , rather than parallel efforts . The humanitarian situation in Somalia is deteriorating daily .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	39	Since the railroad cannot reduce the salary of individual union members under contract , it must accomplish its payroll reduction by placing some of the men on furlough , a B. + O. spokesman said . Those union members kept on their jobs , therefore , will not take a cut in their wages . The spokesman said the number to be furloughed cannot be estimated since the lay-offs must be carried out in each area depending on what men are most needed on the job .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	47	The “ search ” referred to implies a duty to carry out a real investigation to establish the fate of a person reported missing by the adverse party . Additional Protocol I also expanded the categories of persons whom a party to the conflict is obliged to keep records on and to search for , but it should be noted that the obligation does not cover the ( requested ) party 's own nationals . The mechanisms involved in information gathering and transmission include the national information bureaux that parties to international armed conflicts are obliged to establish , as well as the ICRC Central Tracing Agency .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	26	Above all , we must honour commitments to which we have voluntarily subscribed . A State that does not abide by international laws , does not keep its word , fails to abide by the agreements it has signed and defies the Security Council and the institutions of the African Union , becomes a threat and a source of instability . The Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo knows perfectly well what it has to do to resolve the Interahamwe issue , which is a security problem for Rwanda .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	81	According to the State party , as the status of the complainant had changed from that of remand prisoner to that of a prisoner serving a custodial sentence , and bearing in mind the requirements as to investigations in his case or in other similar cases , he was transferred from one prison to another , in accordance with the applicable regulations . Moreover , the conditions in which the complainant was held , wherever he was held , were in keeping with the prison regulations governing conditions for holding prisoners in order to ensure prisoners ' physical and moral safety . The State party also considers baseless the complainant 's allegations improperly equating the conditions in which he was held with degrading treatment .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	35	Thus , the period of child care does not reduce other social insurance guarantees . Article 180 ( 2 ) of the Labour Code provides for that during parental or maternal leave the employee shall keep his or her workplace ( duties ) , except for the liquidation of a company . According to the data of the State Labour Inspectorate since the effective Labour Code ( as of 2003 ) no complaint has been received so far with regard to returning to the former workplace after maternal ( parental ) leave .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	74	We proposed our own amendments to the texts prepared by our French and American colleagues , which made it more balanced in nature , without , however , fully freeing it of negativism with respect to Syria — unnecessary in the current situation . We continue to oppose unwarranted pressure on Damascus , as well as interpretations with respect to the degree and nature of Syrian cooperation with international investigators that are not in keeping with the conclusions of the Mehlis Commission . We have noted that Damascus began cooperating with the Mehlis Commission on the basis of the provisions of resolution 1636 ( 2005 ) .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	19	The Service provides them with specific guidelines in managing these accounts . 2 Custodians are responsible for the safe keeping of securities , the collection of income , the processing of investment transactions and accounting/reporting for the assets under their custody . 3 The master record keeper is responsible for the consolidated reporting of all securities , financial instruments and other investment obligations held for the account of UNJSPF and all cash equivalents received for the account of the Fund .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	52	At its 10th meeting , on 26 June 2002 , the Special Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly that the Committee continue to be represented at seminars , meetings and conferences organized by United Nations bodies and other intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations active in the field of decolonization . In keeping with its decision of 12 February 2002 , the Committee would authorize its Chairman to hold consultations , as appropriate , concerning its participation in those meetings , as well as the level of representation , when accepting invitations . In accordance with established practice and on the basis of the principle of rotation , the Chairman would hold consultations with the Bureau members who , in turn , would consult with the members of the Committee from their respective regional groups .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	51	In addition , BDP will seek advice on programme directions from the Civil Society Organization Advisory Committee and groups of leading experts in specific subject areas . Annual reporting on the progress and impact of the global programmes will be based on the ROAR process and corporate SRF indicators , in keeping with UNDP-wide efforts to enhance results-based programming . Policy specialists working in the priority support areas to deliver global programmes will be expected to provide substantive reports on progress achieved , obstacles encountered and lessons learned .
keep%2:31:00::	keep.v	59	Some had established a technical body to carry out that important task , and those which had not done so should give it consideration . Such a technical body could be tasked with implementing decisions related to suppression of terrorism taken at the political level and following up with member States on their implementation , coordinating regional initiatives , keeping members informed of their obligations and the relevant international and regional standards and developing points of contact within each region with the Counter-Terrorism Committee . The current meeting provided an opportunity to share experience in those areas .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	15	Another challenge is the dialogue between Pristina and Belgrade . We urge both parties to keep their commitment to democracy and to re-establish a direct and constructive dialogue on practical issues of mutual interest . Major challenges remain ahead , including strengthening the rule of law and improving security conditions and freedom of movement for all ethnic groups as a means of advancing towards a democratic and multi-ethnic society that is based on the respect of basic human rights , regardless of ethnic affiliations , and on the participation of all communities in the political process .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	60	It is now disclosed that the taxpayer not only pays for high wages , but he pays the employers ' strike expenses when the latter undertakes to fight a strike . Business Week ( Aug. 9 , 1961 ) reports that the United Aircraft Company , against which the International Association of Machinists had undertaken a strike , decided to keep its plants operating . The company incurred some $ 10 million of expenses attributable to four factors : advertising to attract new employees , hiring and training them , extra overtime , and defective work performed by the new workers .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	11	Draft paragraph 31 ( 3 ) A proposal was made to keep the text of draft paragraph 3 but to add the following to the end of the final sentence : “ to the extent that each of them is responsible for any such loss or damage . Where the extent of individual fault can not be attributed , each party shall be liable for one-half of the loss or damage ” .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	44	Once those seeking asylum arrive in the countries of first asylum , it is essential that these countries accord at least temporary refuge to them , with due respect to their human rights . Asylum-seekers should have access to the necessities of life in keeping with international human rights standards . For instance , it is essential to ensure birth registration of the children and access to at least primary education .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	35	Lebanon had been among the first countries to sign the Treaty , and remained committed to achieving its universality . His delegation urged Israel to join the Treaty , and urged the nuclear-weapon States to keep their commitments to disarmament , just as the non-nuclear-weapon States had done in the area of non-proliferation . The steps towards disarmament had already been laid down , and it only remained for the international community to observe them .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	66	Bearing in mind the recent developments and initiatives at the international , regional and subregional levels to prevent and suppress international terrorism , Recalling its decision in resolutions 54/110 of 9 December 1999 , 55/158 of 12 December 2000 , 56/88 of 12 December 2001 and 57/27 that the Ad Hoc Committee established by General Assembly resolution 51/210 of 17 December 1996 should address , and keep on its agenda , the question of convening a high-level conference under the auspices of the United Nations to formulate a joint organized response of the international community to terrorism in all its forms and manifestations , Aware of General Assembly resolution 57/219 of 18 December 2002 ,
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	51	Our feelings of solidarity and support at this time of such sorrow and distress also go most particularly to Ambassador Nasser Al-Kidwa and the other members of the Permanent Observer Mission of Palestine to the United Nations . The countries of the Group urge the Palestinian people and its leaders to keep alive the ideals of their greatest representative with a view to creating a free and sovereign Palestinian State , economically viable , but above all , dedicated to peace , not only for Palestine but for the whole of the Middle East and the rest of the world . The President ( spoke in French ) : I call on Mr. Don MacKay , representative of New Zealand , to speak on behalf of the Western European and Other States Group .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	40	Legislation that would permit Canada to require more fulsome marking of newly manufactured or newly imported firearms has received Royal Assent , but enabling regulations are currently under consideration following recommendations from consultations with Parliamentary committees . Finally , in keeping with multilateral commitments , Canada will soon introduce in-transit regulations permitting the transit , through Canada , by businesses , of restricted and non-restricted firearms . Regional Level
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	49	DPI should therefore continue its efforts to promote respect for and dialogue among all cultures , religions and civilizations . Mr. Taleb ( Syrian Arab Republic ) said his country attached great importance to the establishment of a new world information order which would be fairer and more in keeping with the principles of the United Nations and with the aspirations and cultural values of people throughout the world . The United Nations , and in particular DPI , was responsible for making the voice of the Organization heard , explaining its objectives and making its activities better known throughout the world in both the developing and the developed countries .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	30	Whether those rates are representative of all weapons held by fighters is unclear . If anything , they were relatively new weapons and therefore may be more likely to be kept by ex-combatants than older weapons at the end of their serviceable lives . Return rates for LURD were probably lower than Government of Liberia rates .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	25	This constitutes a vital promise for hundreds of thousands of mine victims around the world , as well as for their families and communities . Keeping this promise is a crucial responsibility of all States Parties , though first and foremost of those whose citizens suffer the tragedy of mine ( ICRC ) incidents . States Parties , particularly those 23 with the greatest numbers of mine victims , will ( South Africa : “ do their utmost to ) o :
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	18	You arrive there in seersucker , and feel you were half-witted not to bring a mackintosh . Vernon kept an account book with a list of all the establishments that he thought worthy of patronage . A number of them must have fallen into disfavor ; they were struck out with remarks in red ink , denouncing both the cooks and the management .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	13	Vaults - safe-keeping In activities related to the vault , that is safe keeping of certain items , envelopes or packages , banks are required to establish special procedures to adequately identify individuals and/or companies that are not their customers and that do not have accounts opened with them . An important element of these procedures is providing for the identification of the true owner of items in the vault .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	38	In view of those and other urgent needs , it was not currently possible for the country to make any payments . However , the Comoros remained committed to paying its contributions to the United Nations and would keep the issue of multi-year payment plans under continuous consideration and , as the country 's situation normalized , would establish such a plan as a matter of priority . The Committee was provided with information by the Secretariat concerning the situation in the Comoros .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	61	In addition , punishment is prescribed for such arms-related actions that may be directed to carry out terrorist acts . For example , preparation of nuclear arms , illegal export of the technology , scientific-technical information or services used in the creation of the arms of mass destruction , illegally taking possession or extortion of arms for misappropriation purposes ; neglectful keeping of arms , preparation , purchase , and sale of the arms of mass destruction , etc . After the brief legal discourse given above , we can say that the current Georgian legislation contains the relevant legal base to combat terrorism .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	72	The Group was pleased at the ongoing cooperation and coordination between JIU , the Office of Internal Oversight Services ( OIOS ) and the United Nations Board of Auditors . Having noted that JIU had drawn the attention of the General Assembly to difficulties and delays in obtaining visas for some of its personnel , the Group hoped that the recent improvement in the situation would continue and that the Unit would keep the General Assembly informed of developments in that regard . Mr. Spirin ( Russian Federation ) said that , as improving the effectiveness of the work of JIU was essential , his delegation welcomed the efforts focused on the Unit 's use of information and communication technology , such as the introduction of an electronic mail registration system ( e-Registry ) and the completion of the electronic Documentation and Information Centre and would like more details of the proposed investigation capability within the Unit .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	25	In 1998 , about 60 % of the people registered for medical assistance were women . After that year , no gender-specific data have been kept , as a result of which the information can not be updated . In the private sector medical provisions are usually laid down in Collective Labor Agreements , such as : medical treatment , optical and dental care , pregnancy and childbirth .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	33	Education and training of communities in the operation and maintenance of these systems could make them sustainable . Development of local enterprises for simple manufacturing of equipment and parts would be important to keep the systems functional . The sustainable development and management of groundwater resources is a critical element of water resource management in many countries .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	45	The guidelines imply a 60-day limit for a claim file to remain active after the award decision , after which files should be archived . By May 2004 , some files related to claims settled several years before by the Governing Council were still partly kept in various offices , including some which had been those of former staff members in charge at the time and that had left UNCC or been redeployed . For the storage and archiving of “ Official Documents ” , different choices have been adopted by the teams concerning the documents relating to the claim review , and the type of conservation of these documents .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	51	In particular , the Committee stresses the importance of educating children , parents and the public at large about the dangers of landmines and unexploded ordnance in order to prevent injury and death . It is crucial that States parties continue to locate landmines and unexploded ordnance , take measures to keep children away from suspected areas , and strengthen their mine clearance activities and , when appropriate , seek the necessary technical and financial support within a framework of international cooperation , including from United Nations agencies . ( See also paragraph 23 above on landmines and unexploded ordnance and paragraph 78 below on armed conflicts under special protection measures ) .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	20	Furthermore , non-medical staff should not be allowed access to the medical records . The SPT underlines that good record keeping is an essential part of the medical element in the protection of the physical integrity of persons deprived of their liberty . All cases of injuries should be registered , not only in the patient 's individual case record , but also in an incident register that should go to the director .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	36	In some instances , technical departments associated with local authorities have been involved in the implementation of activities . While great caution has to be exercised , considering the political situation , the potential value of keeping a minimal technical competence intact in local government departments is high . The programme employs a large number of national staff at both the professional and support levels .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	48	It may , therefore , after notifying the debtor of the receivable that it will be collecting the account , sell or transfer the receivable to a third person . To protect the assignor 's rights in such cases , many States provide that the assignee may not keep any excess , a position the Guide adopts not only in relation to such dispositions of receivables , but also in relation to the ordinary collection of receivables ( see recommendation 113 , subparagraph ( b ) ) . Moreover , the assignee must act in a commercially reasonable manner in disposing of the receivable ( see recommendation 128 ) .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	71	Thirdly , we propose funding of a $ 300 million African food emergency fund that would be an immediate response account that can be used at the very outset of a food crisis . Our emergency response account now has $ 35 million , and our experience suggests that those dollars that are available to invest immediately when there is a crisis on the horizon are those that allow families to keep their farms together and to not sell their coping mechanisms ; a little help at the beginning is worth a lot of help later on in the process . I should also say that in the crisis in Southern Africa , we were very successful in raising cash and commodities to meet the food requirements .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	45	The Second Conference decided to approve the Article 4 Generic Electronic Template , as contained in Annex III . The Second Conference also decided in the context of the Meetings of Experts and the Conferences of the High Contracting Parties to Protocol V , to keep under review the adequacy and the usefulness of the Article 4 generic electronic template as a tool for effective recording and retaining of information pertinent to the implementation of Article 4 of the Protocol . C. Victim Assistance
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	17	Remove the child from the scene of his misbehavior . Substitute approved objects for forbidden ones and keep telling him how he is to act . He won't submit to his natural desires all the time , and it 's Mother 's love that is responsible for his good behavior .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	78	While understanding the security requirements associated with efforts to combat terrorism , the HR Committee was concerned about the broad , ill-defined definition of terrorist acts given in book III , title III , of the Criminal Code on offenses against the State , in particular about the lack of clarity regarding the definition of “ environmental terrorism ” . The HR Committee therefore recommended that Monaco make sure that any action taken to combat terrorism is in keeping with the requirement of the Covenant , elaborate and adopt a clearer definition of terrorist acts , and provide the Committee with further information on the definition and scope of “ environmental terrorism ” . ACHIEVEMENTS , BEST PRACTICES , CHALLENGES AND CONSTRAINTS
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	45	Belgium wants to contribute actively to this objective and is fully prepared to share her experience with transition in the Congo and Burundi . Nonetheless , and this is very important , we do insist that agreements should be honoured and that promises should be kept . Too many promises have been broken : promises made by several African leaders , by several Western leaders and especially the promises of the entire international community .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	13	We have the resources necessary to make a difference . Let us therefore keep the promise of winning the battle against this disease , so that future generations looking into the history of AIDS will see a human tragedy , but also , and in particular , the tale of a time when humankind acted in solidarity and was victorious . Now is the time to act , and to act quickly .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	39	UNIFEM programmes responded to these challenges by striving to build a better understanding of their impact on women 's lives and empowering women to play an active role in identifying solutions and taking advantage of new opportunities . In keeping with General Assembly resolution 56/201 of 21 December 2001 on the triennial comprehensive policy review of operational activities for development of the United Nations system UNIFEM placed strong emphasis in 2002 on learning and evaluation — engaging in programmatic and thematic assessments to identify valuable lessons and further strengthen its initiatives on the ground . The findings demonstrated , in particular , the continuous need for UNIFEM to advocate for increased implementation and enhanced accountability mechanisms for gender equality .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	69	Yet , as a sustained body of information , data , and analysis becomes available , and in particular with the greater availability of geo-spatial data , the domain of uncertainty should shrink and it should become possible to assess the probabilities of different outcomes as well as the relative contributions of different factors . Many share the view that it would be advisable for the international community to keep a watching brief on these and other possible security implications of climate change . Channels linking climate change and security
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	43	However , some other delegations expressed doubt concerning the relevance of this proposal in view of the ongoing work on the proposal of the Russian Federation on a similar issue . The delegation of the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya requested that the proposal be kept on the agenda of the Special Committee and be transmitted to the Sixth Committee . Consideration of the further revised working paper submitted by Cuba at the present session of the Special Committee , entitled “ Strengthening of the role of the Organization and enhancing its effectiveness ”
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	76	There was little cause for optimism about the outcome of the process : good intentions abounded and UNDP was trying , with some difficulty , to accommodate the interests of UNIDO Member States , but the concerns of the recipient countries and the host countries of UNIDO Desks remained unchanged . He would prefer to retain the paragraph as it stood ; at any rate , the reference to “ taking a decision ” should be kept . Mr. BEST ( Switzerland ) said he could not go along with the Chairperson 's suggestion , which did not take account of the point he had raised .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	43	Panama is in favour of the deployment of the European Union Rule of Law Mission in Kosovo ( EULEX ) to take charge , under the legal authority of UNMIK , of United Nations responsibilities in Kosovo . We are doing so in keeping with our position that regional organizations should play a priority role in resolving the problems in their own regions . The actions of the Secretary-General and the European Union ( EU ) are particularly appropriate , given that the Council can not achieve a consensus on the matter and that resolution 1244 ( 1999 ) has no set time frame .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	76	The Conference notes that all nuclear-weapon States have now concluded additional protocols to their voluntary-offer safeguards agreements incorporating those measures provided for in the Model Additional Protocol that each nuclear-weapon State has identified as capable of contributing to the non-proliferation and efficiency aims of the Protocol , when implemented with regard to that State , and is consistent with that State 's obligations under article I of the Treaty . The Conference invites such States to keep the scope of those additional protocols under review . The Conference commends IAEA for making its experience in the verification of nuclear non-proliferation available to the Conference on Disarmament in connection with the negotiation of a non-discriminatory , multilateral and internationally and effectively verifiable treaty banning the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons or other nuclear explosive devices .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	78	Accordingly , the annual salary of the members of the Court and the judges of the two Tribunals was revised from US $ 160 , 000 to US $ 170 , 080 per annum , effective 1 January 2005 . The Assembly also agreed with the recommendation of the Secretary-General to continue the floor/ceiling mechanism applied to protect the emoluments against fluctuations of the exchange rates of the euro to the United States dollar , which have been kept at the 2003 levels until the comprehensive review of the compensation and conditions of service to be conducted at the General Assembly 's sixty-first session . The emoluments of the members of the Court are sui generis .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	75	In that regard , article 213 requires the national executive branch , through the appropriate agencies , to design and develop an operating plan including preventive measures at the national level to keep the banking and financial system from being used to launder funds and economic assets deriving from the commission of the crimes specified in the Law or from activities related thereto . The General Act on Banks and Other Financial Institutions , in keeping with the thrust of current national legislation and accepted principles of effective banking supervision , mandates banking practices and procedures that promote high ethical and professional standards to prevent the use of the banking system by criminal organizations . For that purpose , under article 226 of the Act , a National Financial Intelligence Unit ( UNIF ) was created within the functional structure of the Office of the Superintendent of Banks and Other Financial Institutions ( SBIF ) . The Unit functions as a central clearing house ; it receives , analyses and classifies reports of suspicious activities submitted by the institutions , firms and individuals subject to its supervision and forwards them to the Public Prosecutor 's Office .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	40	I would also like to note that there will be two sponsors lists for each draft resolution or decision . One list will be held by the sponsoring delegation and the other one by the Secretariat. The Secretariat feels that keeping the number of copies of the sponsors lists to a necessary minimum — that is two copies — will best preserve the integrity of the sponsors lists and minimize the possibility of error . All questions regarding lists of sponsors should likewise be addressed to Ms. Christa Giles .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	33	Included in the D4 ( personal property ) claim are 51 racehorses with an asserted value of USD 2 , 155 , 709.34 that were treated as Valuation Items . The horses were kept at the claimant 's private stables at the Hunting and Equestrian Club of Kuwait . Ownership of the Valuation Items
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	104	The Government of Jamaica , in a note verbale dated 3 December 2002 , responded that its Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Foreign Trade is both the coordinating body for the flow of information on the outcome of the World Conference , and the point of contact between the Government and civil society in the pursuit of activities at the national level . After the World Conference , the Ministry convened meetings of governmental and non-governmental organizations to apprise them of the outcome of the Conference , to encourage the adoption of appropriate strategies and programmes and to strengthen those in existence , in keeping with the provisions of the Durban Programme of Action . In particular , the Ministry has disseminated DDPA to government agencies and has drawn their attention to specific provisions relating to their areas of responsibility .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	69	“ 14. Calls for the strengthening of the capacity of the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development , the Common Fund for Commodities and all relevant organizations to provide , and that of the developing countries to use , timely , accurate , comprehensive and user-friendly information and analysis ; “ 15. Requests the Department of Public Information to undertake such initiatives and activities as are necessary to keep the commodities issue a high priority of Governments , the international community , media , academia and all relevant stakeholders ; “ 16. Requests the Secretary-General to submit a report on the implementation of the present resolution to the Assembly at its fifty-ninth session. ”
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	38	Introduction This report is submitted pursuant to the request of the Security Council contained in a statement made by its President on 26 September 2001 ( see S/PRST/2001/25 ) in which the Council requested me to continue to keep it regularly informed of the activities of the United Nations Peace-building Support Office in the Central African Republic ( BONUCA ) and the situation in that country . The present report covers the activities of BONUCA and new developments in the Central African Republic in the political , security , military , social and economic spheres since my last report dated 14 June 2002 ( S/2002/671 ) .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	76	No further information had been received since then , although , in the context of its request for exemption under Article 19 , the representative of the Central African Republic indicated that the issue of the payment of arrears to the United Nations was under consideration by his Government . The Committee also recalled that , in the context of its request for exemption under Article 19 in 2004 , Guinea-Bissau had indicated that it would keep the issue of multi-year payment plans under continuous consideration and , as the country 's situation normalized , would establish such a plan as a matter of priority . In the context of its current request for exemption under Article 19 , Guinea-Bissau indicated that , if its efforts at debt relief are successful and if a donor round-table conference is held as scheduled in November 2006 , it would be in a position to submit a multi-year payment plan as previously envisaged .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	51	( a ) Takes note of the note by the Secretary-General on the financing of the United Nations Iraq-Kuwait Observation Mission for the period from 1 July 2003 to 30 June 2004 and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions ; ( b ) Decides to keep under review , during its fifty-eighth session , the sub-item entitled “ Financing of the activities arising from Security Council resolution 687 ( 1991 ) : United Nations Iraq-Kuwait Observation Mission ” . Fifty-eighth session
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	36	The decision to hold early elections therefore imposes a special responsibility on the Ivorian parties , both to meet the technical requirements and to create a favourable political and security atmosphere for the elections . In keeping with his mandate , my Special Representative will conduct the certification of all stages of the electoral process in an impartial manner , in consultation with the parties , the facilitator and concerned international partners . The inclusiveness of the peace process is also a critical factor for its success .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	82	The IAEA has continued to conduct interviews , even when conditions were not in accordance with the IAEA 's preferred modalities , with a view to gaining as much information as possible — information that could be cross-checked for validity with other sources and which could be helpful in our assessment of areas under investigation . As the Council may recall , when we first began to request private unescorted interviews , the Iraqi interviewees insisted on taping the interviews and on keeping the recorded tapes . Recently , upon our insistence , individuals have been consenting to being interviewed without escorts and without taped records .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	55	The Government and people of Venezuela hope that the blockade against Cuba will cease. It is the Cuban people that must suffer the consequences of the application of such measures , which are certainly beyond the pale of international legality and inhuman in nature . The delegation of the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela , in keeping with its stated values and in virtue of the fact that the extraterritorial economic , commercial and financial measures against Cuba have not been repealed , shall vote in favour of the draft resolution before the General Assembly today . Mr. Kittikhoun ( Lao People 's Democratic Republic ) ( spoke in French ) : During the four long and difficult decades since the economic , commercial and financial blockade has been imposed against the Republic of Cuba by the Government of the United States of America , the innocent people of Cuba have experienced great suffering .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	26	Acknowledges with great concern the difficulties encountered by the Working Group in the accomplishment of its mandate and requests the Secretary-General : ( c ) To keep the Working Group and the Commission regularly informed of the steps he takes for the wide dissemination and promotion of the Declaration ; Requests the Working Group to report on its activities to the Commission at its fifty-ninth session ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	49	Saint Lucia urges all States , developed and developing , and particularly partners and donors , to be represented at the International Meeting at the highest level . In particular , we urge that commitments to provide resources for the implementation of the Barbados Programme of Action , are kept . Indeed , this fifty-ninth session of the General Assembly will be a pivotal one in respect of commitments made internationally , including those made in the critical area of HIV/AIDS .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	28	Developing countries need the international community 's ongoing and substantial support to meet the new challenges that they face . It is thus urgent that all development partners keep their promises , in particular by doubling official development assistance , introducing innovative development financing methods and cancelling debt , whose burden undermines our development efforts . This appeal also has to do with the varying constraints that weigh on developing countries , particularly HIV/AIDS pandemic , malaria and other infectious diseases that impact their populations and their economies .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	72	( b ) To continue to consider , on a priority basis , the question of the implementation of the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations related to assistance to third States affected by the application of sanctions under Chapter VII of the Charter by commencing a substantive debate on all of the related reports of the Secretary-General and the proposals submitted on the question ; ( c ) To keep on its agenda the question of the peaceful settlement of disputes between States ; ( d ) To continue to consider proposals concerning the Trusteeship Council in the light of the report of the Secretary-General submitted in accordance with General Assembly resolution 50/55 of 11 December 1995 , the report of the Secretary-General entitled “ Renewing the United Nations : a programme for reform ” and the views expressed by States on this subject at previous sessions of the Assembly ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	74	Above all , it is hard to be sure that , when functioning as an investigative and settlement body , the Committee will not feel too constrained by the position it has taken during its examination of a State party 's periodic reports . One can imagine cases where a State which the Committee has found , during consideration of its periodic report , to follow policies and act in general very much in keeping with the Covenant has , in particular instances , infringed the rights of individuals or groups of individuals , whereas another State , in whose actions the Committee has identified shortcomings and thus made a number of recommendations for it to follow in the future , may be absolved of all responsibility when complaints against it are considered .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	118	Drawing on material already in the commentary , his delegation proposed adding a second paragraph that would read something along these lines : “ For purposes of paragraph 1 , the predominant nationality shall be deemed to be the nationality of the State with which the person had the strongest effective links on the dates indicated ” . His delegation supported draft article 7 on diplomatic protection of stateless persons and refugees by the State of lawful and habitual residence of the individual in question , subject to the limitations set forth in the text. It represented a progressive development of international law that was fully justified , had a sound basis in international practice and was in keeping with the aims of international codification in the subject area . With regard to the draft articles submitted by the Special Rapporteur in his second and third reports to the Commission , his delegation had welcomed the innovative attempt to resolve the traditional debate over the procedural or substantive nature of the rule requiring the exhaustion of local remedies before the exercise of diplomatic protection .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	31	The minimum age at which minors may perform this type of work is 15. The maximum work day in this respect is set at 10 hours . Right to choose and keep a job The Labour Code establishes the right to equal work opportunities , to free choice of work , to stable employment , to all benefits and other guarantees , and to vocational training ( Articles 18 to 53 , 69 to 86 , 87 to 113 , and 135 to 191 ) .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	37	Participants decried the humanitarian impact on civilians in all parts of the developing world posed by excessive illicit proliferation of small arms . The luncheon explored concrete measures in the areas of small arms marking , record keeping and tracing ; brokering and norms for transfer under international law . Self-regulation and the firearms/small arms industry
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	107	Regionalization would entail a net reduction of 84 posts in headquarters ( 26 posts would be abolished ; 70 would be relocated to the regions ; and 12 new posts would be created ) and an increase of 145 posts in the regions ( 70 posts would be moved from headquarters and 75 new posts would be created ) . Besides demonstrating UNFPA commitment to relocate resources to the field , the increase in the number of posts also reflects the decision to significantly increase the number of national officers ( 37 posts ) , to develop and increase the use of local capacity , and to keep costs under control . UNFPA also decided to eliminate 6 L7 posts and l L6 post , thereby reducing its top-heaviness .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	37	The Regional Director informed the Board of the decision to present a separate CPR for East Timor to the Board at its second regular session in September . The country note for Myanmar had been developed in keeping with the historical mandate of UNICEF to help children in need , irrespective of the political circumstances and mindful of the views of all segments of Burmese society and General Assembly resolutions on the human rights situation in the country . The country note for Viet Nam had profited from the UNDAF exercise and the concurrent preparation of the CCA , and the programme would focus on 66 ethnic minority and underserved districts to reduce disparities and empower communities .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	31	They shall submit monthly statements of expenditures unless otherwise required. They shall be in a position at all times to account for said advances . Cash or financial instruments shall be kept in safe custody. Any loss of cash or financial instruments must be reported at once to the Executive Director . Rule 122.15
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	56	In this connection , the Committee wishes to reiterate its call on Member States to comply fully with the requirements contained in all relevant Security Council resolutions imposing sanctions against UNITA and in this regard to cooperate fully with the Committee and the Monitoring Mechanism on sanctions against UNITA . The Committee reaffirms the importance of keeping sanctions under close and ongoing monitoring with a view to sustaining and improving their effectiveness until conditions in the relevant resolutions are met . In this regard , the Committee has noted the wide international recognition of the work of the Monitoring Mechanism on sanctions against UNITA , based on identifying the sources and methods of violations of the sanctions and offering practical recommendations for further action , as a continuing critical tool .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	20	The sample sheets may also contain chain of custody information . The sampling plan must also assign responsibility for record keeping . This should include the proper labelling of all sample containers .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	62	In the past we have heard Mr. Gusmão , President of Timor-Leste , and today we heard Mr. Ramos-Horta , Minister for Foreign Affairs , speak about the need for the United Nations to help Timor-Leste prepare for successful elections . Given the Secretary-General 's assessments , we believe that establishing an integrated United Nations office to ensure follow-up would be in keeping with that effort . We would like the Government to set the dates for the elections as soon as possible .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	20	Introduction The statement by the President of the Security Council dated 23 January 2001 ( S/PRST/2001/2 ) requested me to keep the Council regularly informed of the activities of the United Nations Peace-building Support Office in the Central African Republic ( BONUCA ) and of the situation in the Central African Republic , including the progress achieved in implementing political , economic and social reforms . The Security Council also requested me to submit to it a report on the situation by 30 June 2001 , at the latest , pursuant to the statement by its President dated 10 February 2000 .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	26	• more specific identification of the actual owner or beneficial owner both for residents and non-residents , has been determined ; • banks are obligated to keep documentation of a bank account owner for at least five years from the date of closing the account ; • special attention shall be paid to cases , which include confiscation of unreported assets during criminal investigation .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	40	However , the suffering of millions of children around the world shows that the goals and commitments of the World Summit for Children remain far from fulfilled . More effective policies and programmes in more countries are urgently required to keep the promise made to children in September 1990 . At the beginning of the new millennium , we are confident that focusing on our children as the most vulnerable and cherished part of our societies , we can agree on effective actions to ensure their survival , protection , full development and participation .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	69	Para. 37 : On 1 March 2004 the GC side gave a general but full account of the changes it desired , explaining that further specific proposals would be developed as a result of the positions taken by both sides in the negotiations . Since the Technical Committees´ work also involved constitutional issues ( many being placed in Laws ) and the work was not finalized , specific amendments kept being made until 22 March . The Report tries to exaggerate the scale of GC demands ( see para 12 above ) .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	66	Some delegations made reference to the comments of the ACABQ on the proposed continuation , on an exceptional basis , of this Supplementary Programme , expressing understanding for the High Commissioner 's decision , given the fluid and evolving nature of this programme which involved many other actors . One delegation , however , drew attention to the negative consequences on the Annual Programme Budget of keeping Afghan operations under a separate programme . This delegation observed that this resulted in incomplete staffing and financial tables , which also could not be compared with those of the previous year .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	51	Based on that appeal , on 11 February , WFP and UNICEF both issued agency appeals . The response , however , was limited , and 10 days later WFP and UNICEF had received only $ 1.4 million ; WFP was concerned that it could not pay the continued costs of keeping South African planes and helicopters flying . In Maputo , there is criticism from both government and United Nations officials about the slowness of donors to respond , while at least one major donor has complained that the United Nations system did not say loudly enough that there was a need for more funding for helicopters and that the message did not get through to its capital .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	34	These were the years when people flocked to Manchester not only to play golf , which had come into vogue , but also to witness the Ekwanok Country Club tournaments . New Yorkers were kept informed of scores by reporters who telegraphed fifteen to twenty thousand words daily to the metropolitan newspapers . This boosted local telegraph business and Manchester basked in all the free advertising .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	61	As mentioned in paragraphs 64 and 65 of the above-mentioned report of the Secretary-General , the Secretariat 's understanding of and approach to the issue was to ascertain whether racial discrimination existed “ as a systemic problem , from the point of recruitment throughout the career of staff ” . The fact that the race of its staff members is not kept on record was found by the Secretariat to be a major impediment in conducting the exercise . Although the absence of official records on the race of staff members does constitute a serious limitation , it should be pointed out that , quite often , allegations of racial discrimination in the workplace are made by complainants from visible minorities whose faces are as good an indicator of racial or ethnic origin as any written record .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	62	It warmly welcomes the contribution of elements that support the work of the inspectors , enhance the accuracy and effectiveness of their mission and help to expedite and increase the reliability of the disarmament process . Mexico 's emphasis on a multilateral approach is , indeed , consistent with the views and convictions of the Mexican people. But it is also in keeping with a pragmatic concern to build the international consensus required by a task of such global implications as the elimination of weapons of mass destruction . That is why Mexico reiterates its readiness to continue to make a constructive contribution to the work of the Security Council , in the conviction that cooperation and the search for multilateral solutions will give greater weight to the decisions of this body .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	27	His stethoscope was on the table by Scotty 's bed and he picked it up and wagged it at Scotty . He said fussily , `` Just keep the cap on those strong emotions '' . The stethoscope glinted silver in the darkening room .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	67	“ In expressing our thanks to the Secretary-General for the importance he has attached to resolving African problems and for his relentless efforts to develop cooperation with the African Union , we would stress the need for priority always to be given to the peaceful — and , more specifically , the political — settlement of disputes . Peacekeeping requires that there be a peace to be kept . In that respect , we believe that support for regional peacemaking capabilities must be prioritized , because political settlements are the mother of all solutions to all conflicts .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	29	The United Nations will emerge strengthened if we make a measured appreciation of what happened ” . Security Council reform should be based on several premises that are in keeping with the Charter and the historical circumstances , under which the United Nations was founded. The preamble of the Charter states : “ We the peoples of the United Nations , determined to save succeeding generations from the scourge of war , which twice has brought untold sorrow to mankind ” .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	9	Place the hands in front of the chest . Keep the legs straight and the toes pointed . Straighten the arms slowly , this arches the back .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	100	If an increase in the non-permanent membership had been accepted in the year when the consultations began — in 1993 — and if the increase had been , say , 10 non-permanent members , a figure which probably would have commanded general support , then in the eight years since , 40 countries could have been members of the Security Council , in addition to the 40 which have occupied the 10 existing non-permanent seats . With the lack of any real prospect of agreement on the other reforms , the years keep passing , and with them our countries keep being deprived of the opportunity to take part in the work of the Security Council . In any event , whatever option the Open-ended Working Group chooses , Uruguay will continue to participate in efforts to reach agreement on all aspects of Council reform , and will do so in a flexible spirit , but with one limitation : we can not go along with any reform that is contrary to the fundamental principles of this Organization through an extension to other States of existing privileges and inequalities .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-ninth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo ” . Activities of the institutes comprising the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Programme network
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	48	Quite to the contrary , focus and priorities are necessary for policy to be effective , especially in today 's general environment of limited public sector resources . To maximize the effectiveness of policy responses , policy makers need to take an integrated approach to the problem while keeping the appropriate priorities . This approach requires an understanding of the complex relationships between the various dimensions and causes of social vulnerability and the development of new and effective ways to coordinate the delivery of economic and social policies .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	29	It had also been agreed that programmes should be tailored to the needs of industrial entrepreneurs , particularly in the area of training . He appealed to UNIDO to keep up its efforts in that field . Egypt was very interested in enhancing its cooperation with UNIDO , and was anxious to finalize the revised arrangements for the Regional Office in Cairo .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	119	In its “ memorandum ” , the Frente POLISARIO not only categorically rejects the draft framework agreement ; it even objects to any United Nations approach to “ the question of Western Sahara ” which allowed the universal Organization to take initiatives with a view to a definitive solution thereof , whether through the settlement plan or through the draft Framework Agreement . This approach is based on the legality of Moroccan presence in the Territory , which justifies considering the possibility of the latter 's simple integration or of a status under which Morocco would agree to some devolution of authority “ for all inhabitants and former inhabitants of the Territory that was genuine , substantial and in keeping with international norms ” . By denying Morocco the right to delegate all power to the inhabitants , the Frente POLISARIO thus places itself in opposition to the Secretary-General of the United Nations and to the Security Council , which have proposed that Morocco , as “ administrative Power ” , should delegate certain powers enumerated in the draft framework agreement .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	55	It was claimed that the name of the company president appeared on the list of specially designated nationals by virtue of their traditional trade ties with Cuba ; • In March 2006 the Jamaican branch of the Bank of Nova Scotia , Canada , informed the Embassy of Cuba in Jamaica that it could not keep the Embassy 's account nor transfer funds in United States dollars — a flagrant violation of both Jamaican and Canadian law . • A bank transfer in the amount of 2 , 154 euros from Nedbank , the Namibian-South African bank , to the Cuban Ministry of Fisheries company Pesport , in payment of transactions with the Namibian company Dragnam , was withheld by a United States bank ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	10	( g ) Office for Policy and Planning . In keeping with the conclusions and recommendations contained in the report of the Security Council mission to Sierra Leone of 16 October 2000 ( S/2000/992 ) , the proposed office would enhance effective coordination and communication between civilian and military components of the Mission and would be responsible for the strategic planning of their interrelated activities in respect of political , military , human rights and civil matters . Bringing together other substantive offices of the Mission , the proposed Office would serve as the secretariat for the Working Group on Policy and Planning established at UNAMSIL , with its Chief serving as Chairman of the Group .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	43	Fast economic growth and urbanization had created incentives for rural workers to migrate to the cities in search of better earning opportunities , and in the process of urban development , agricultural lands were converted to alternative uses . Incentives for farmers to keep up production were particularly low in the early 2000s , following a dramatic drop in cereal prices of more than 50 per cent between May 1996 and August 2000 . As a result , the world production of maize , rice , wheat and coarse grains lagged significantly behind consumption for four or more years in the early 2000s .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	90	The Subcommittee considered that the work in the following areas should be continued in the biennium 2009-2010 : development of classification and labelling criteria for chemically unstable gases and gas mixtures ( including the determination of their chemical instability ) ; review of test series 7 ; classification of desensitized explosives ; assessment of water activated toxicity ; implementation issues ; improvement of annexes 1 , 2 and 3 of the Globally Harmonized System ; and development of further guidance for the labelling of very small packagings . The Subcommittee kept under review progress made in the implementation of the Globally Harmonized System on the basis of reports submitted by its members and participating intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations . The Subcommittee continued to cooperate with treaty bodies established under international conventions concerning chemical safety to promote the implementation of the Globally Harmonized System through such conventions ( see also para. 26 above ) .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	31	Norway has provided financial support for the peace talks through OCHA , and several other European donors have indicated their willingness to also support these efforts . That is critical to keep the process moving forward . The government of South Sudan does not have the resources to support the rapid progress of the talks .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	51	Having considered the report of the Commission on the work of its thirty-fourth session , Concerned that activities undertaken by other bodies of the United Nations system in the field of international trade law without coordination with the Commission might lead to undesirable duplication of efforts and would not be in keeping with the aim of promoting efficiency , consistency and coherence in the unification and harmonization of international trade law , as stated in its resolution 37/106 of 16 December 1982 , Stressing the importance of the further development of case law on United Nations Commission on International Trade Law texts in promoting the uniform application of the legal texts of the Commission and its value for government officials , practitioners and academics ,
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	61	As with the launching of the International Drug Purchase Facility here in 2006 , France will continue to campaign for innovative financing for development , which is an indispensable complement to official assistance and reflects a new form of international solidarity epitomized by the contribution on airline tickets , which some 30 countries have pledged to introduce . We must now keep to our commitments . Accordingly , we hope that the Doha Conference will encourage the emergence of a consensus and lead to new progress towards the mechanisms that the international community needs to meet the major challenges of health and climate .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	23	Pre-session and reference documents will continue to be supplied to the permanent and observer missions . Therefore , delegations are kindly requested to keep the copies they receive throughout the annual session and use them during the meetings . Nevertheless , a limited number of documents will be available from the documents distribution counter in room C-111 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	45	The Meeting highlighted that in the current era of regional blocks , the OIC is the largest institution after the United Nations , which brings together one-fifth of the world population . The OIC 's demand for adequate representation in the Security Council is in keeping with the significant demographic and political weight of the OIC Member States , which bears particular importance , not only from the perspective of increased efficiency , but also to ensure the representation of the main forms of civilization in the Security Council . It therefore reaffirmed its decision that any reform proposal which neglects the adequate representation of the Islamic Ummah in any category of membership in an extended Security Council will not be acceptable to the Islamic World .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	62	Although the author contested that the State party accurately made this distinction , he has failed to substantiate this challenge . 7.9 Insofar as the author claims that the reports of the tapped conversations between him and his lawyer should have been destroyed immediately , the Committee notes the State party 's uncontested argument that the records of the tapped conversations were kept intact in their entirety , separately from the case file , for possible inspection by the defence . As the right to privacy implies that every individual should have the right to request rectification or elimination of incorrect personal data in files controlled by public authorities , the Committee considers that the separate storage of the recordings of the author 's tapped conversations with Mr. A.T.M.M. can not be regarded as unreasonable for purposes of article 17 of the Covenant .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	31	Establish an independent national human rights institution and ensure that it complies with the Paris Principles ( Azerbaijan ) /in accordance with the Paris Principles ( United Kingdom ) ; In keeping with its commitment to protect and promote human rights , consider establishing an independent human rights commission according to the Paris Principles to reinforce the suggestions made by different Treaty Bodies ( Bangladesh ) ; Include in its national criminal legislation a definition of torture in compliance with the provisions of the CAT ( Czech Republic ) ;
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	61	Open-ended informal meeting on the joint initiative of France and Switzerland in the area on tracing , marking and record keeping of illicit small arms and light weapons There will be an open-ended informal meeting , organized by the delegations of France and Switzerland , on the development of their joint initiative in the area of tracing , marking and record keeping of illicit small arms and light weapons . The meeting will take place on Tuesday , 22 October 2002 , from 3 to 5 pm. in Conference Room 4 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	55	Draft resolution A/C.3/62/L.43 was an instrument to promote changes in the political , economic and social system of the Islamic Republic of Iran , part of an undesirable and inconsistent practice which pursued no legitimate interest and offered no real benefit . Countries should promote human rights through constructive dialogue and international cooperation , in keeping with the Charter and with the Declaration on Principles of International Law in General Assembly resolution 2625 ( XXV ) , in a spirit of respect , mutual acceptance and good faith , with a view to strengthening the capacity of States to fulfil their obligations for the benefit of all human beings . Mr. Sergiwa ( Libyan Arab Jamahiriya ) said that , in discussing human rights , country-specific resolutions pursued by one country to settle accounts with another caused confrontation and hampered the solution of human-rights situations .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	42	Welcomes , in particular , in this regard , continuing high-level visits to New Caledonia by delegations from countries of the Pacific region and high-level visits by delegations from New Caledonia to countries members of the South Pacific Forum ; Decides to keep under continuous review the process unfolding in New Caledonia as a result of the signing of the Nouméa Accord ; Requests the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples to continue to examine the question and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-fifth session .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	41	Occasionally , you may come across one or two bumblebees in the cold season , when you are turning over sods in your garden , but you have to be a really keen observer to see them at all . They keep their wings and feet pressed tightly against their bodies , and in spite of their often colorful attire you may very well mistake them for lumps of dirt . I must add at once that these animals are what we call `` queens '' , young females that have mated in the previous summer or autumn .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	26	The responses to the biennial reports questionnaire in 2004 indicated that most Governments had developed comprehensive drug demand reduction strategies . Countries in all regions have kept their high level of commitment during the three reporting periods . The situation regarding the implementation of demand reduction programmes had improved in sub-Saharan Africa and Europe , while countries in Central , South and South-West Asia seemed to have fallen back to the levels reported for the biennium 1998-2000 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	33	Developed countries should undertake additional actions to help developing countries to build their capacity , allowing for more sustainable development . Meanwhile , developing countries should explore diversified modes of sustainable development in keeping with their own national conditions and levels of development . The private sector should develop a greater sense of corporate social responsibility and ensure that while they pursue economic profits , they havebring about social and environmental benefits as well .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	12	Item 1 Opening of the Conference Following the inaugural ceremony and in keeping with traditional practice , the head of the delegation from which the President of the previous Conference was elected ( France ) shall preside until the Conference has elected a President for the session . Item 2 Election of the President
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	18	Interaction between the Least Developed Countries Expert Group and the Yemeni national adaptation programme of action team In keeping with its practice of interacting with NAPA teams of the meeting 's host country , the LEG conducted an interactive session with representatives of the Yemeni NAPA team . The Yemeni NAPA team reported its completion of a draft of its NAPA , which it submitted to the LEG for comments immediately after the meeting .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	37	Any simplistic confusion between terrorism and the legitimate struggle of peoples under colonial domination for their independence must be avoided . It would be unjust to deny such a right , although it must be exercised in keeping with international humanitarian law . State terrorism , to which it referred to in section II of the Strategy , was a reality , as recent crimes in Lebanon and Palestine had shown .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	34	The Board shall report to the Assembly of States Parties all offered voluntary contributions , regardless of whether they were accepted or refused . The voluntary contributions envisaged in paragraph 7 must be in keeping with the goals and activities of the Fund . The Board shall also refuse voluntary contributions whose allocation as requested by the donor would result in a manifestly inequitable distribution of available funds and property among the different groups of victims .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	42	The hostler would have the table ready and a pot of coffee hissing on the stove ; then a porter from Manning 's Fish House would trot in with a tray on his head . It was draped with snowy napkins that kept hot a platter of oyster salt roast and a mound of corn fritters . Vernon was consummately fond of oysters , and Manning 's had been famous for them since the Civil War .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	37	On the other hand , such an indication is not required in subparagraph ( i ) : it is for the author of the reservation to assume his responsibilities in this regard . ( 21 ) In keeping with draft guidelines 2.1.1 and 2.1.2 , which point out that the formulation and confirmation of reservations must be done in writing , the last paragraph of draft guideline 2.1.6 specifies that communication to the States and international organizations for which they are intended must be formal . While some members of the Commission may have expressed doubts about the need for this stipulation , it seemed useful in view of the frequent practice among depositaries of using modern means of communication - electronic mail or fax - which are less reliable than traditional methods .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	34	Over the years , my delegation has been among those calling for further improvement in the report , procedures and working methods of the Security Council . We wish to commend the Council for keeping the new format that it has used in recent years , which is more compact and reader-friendly . However , there is much more to be done to improve upon the analytical framework .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	74	The search for a mutually acceptable solution between the parties in Western Sahara remained the focus of the United Nations efforts to overcome the multiple problems impeding implementation of the settlement plan . After meeting with officials of the Government of Morocco to determine if Morocco , as the administrative Power in Western Sahara , was prepared to offer or support some devolution of authority to the Territory that would be substantial and in keeping with international norms , my Personal Envoy presented a draft framework agreement on the status of Western Sahara to the Frente POLISARIO and to the Government of Algeria . In view of the adoption of resolution 1359 ( 2001 ) by the Security Council , the parties are expected to meet directly or through proximity talks under the auspices of my Personal Envoy to discuss the draft framework agreement and negotiate specific changes to the document , and to discuss any other proposal for a political solution that may be put forward by the parties , in order to arrive at a mutually acceptable agreement .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	53	The Council considered the issue of the deadline for the filing of article 41 requests for corrections with respect to the category A and C Canadian criteria late claims and the category C Palestinian late claims . After considering the issue of duplication of awards , the Council recommended that the matter be kept on its agenda for further consideration at its next session . The Council heard an update from the secretariat concerning the current status of the F4 environmental claims , and continued to consider the issue of the amendment of environmental claims in the light of an information note prepared by the secretariat .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	72	Successive discussions among Member States about the changes in the factors for equitable geographical distribution have been characterized by two dominant points of view . One group of Member States , composed largely of developing countries , wanted more weight to be given to the membership factor , or alternatively to the population factor , whereas another group , composed mainly of Member States with high rates of assessment , wanted to keep the greater weight on the contribution factor . This eventually resulted in the adoption of resolution 42/220 A of 21 December 1987 , introducing as from 1 January 1988 the current regime for the system of desirable ranges .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	65	The Council may wish to devote a significant part of its substantive session , particularly parts of its coordination and operational activities segments , to the follow-up of the annual ministerial reviews and the development cooperation forums . To maintain thematic coherence , the Council may wish to adopt closely related multi-year work programmes for the annual ministerial review and the coordination segment , while keeping the separate identity of the segments . The reporting framework
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	59	The Division prepares the statements of the Chairman of the Drafting Committee , which reflect the legislative history of the draft articles in the Drafting Committee and are therefore indispensable in the preparation of commentaries by the special rapporteurs . Besides the scheduling and the substantive organization of meetings of the Commission and its subsidiary bodies , the Division keeps records of proceedings and maintains a historical archive , including an elaborate and fully searchable website containing information on the entire body of work of the Commission , aimed primarily at facilitating the work of the Commission and its special rapporteurs . The assistance of the Codification Division reserved for special rapporteurs includes assigning a staff member to follow and monitor developments on a particular topic on the agenda of the Commission .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	91	Noting that the usefulness of food micro-algae , above all , Spirulina platensis , along with other nutrients , to restore the health of severely malnourished people has been emphasized and recognized in international agreements , namely the Free Agreement for Cooperation in Scientific Research and Humanitarian Use of Micro-alga Spirulina as Food and the Convention for the Use of Food Micro-alga and Inter-University Scientific Research , Taking into account that an intergovernmental organization known as the Intergovernmental Institution for the Use of Micro-alga Spirulina against Malnutrition has been established in keeping with the above-mentioned agreements and has been granted observer status in the work of the Economic and Social Council , in accordance with Council decision 2003/212 of 5 March 2003 , Aiming to enhance the provision by the United Nations system of humanitarian assistance through the creation of a stockpile of food micro-algae rehabilitative biomass to be used in food emergencies ,
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	51	Such notification shall take effect on the date on which it is received by the Secretary-General . The requirement to raise the age in paragraph 1 of the present article does not apply to schools operated by or under the control of the armed forces of the States Parties , in keeping with articles 28 and 29 of the Convention on the Rights of the Child . Article 4
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	32	Measures such as strengthening police and judicial structures are a priority . The reorganization and transformation of the Kosovo Protection Corps into a multi-ethnic body specializing in emergency interventions is also in keeping with that obligation . Furthermore , my delegation notes that , in the framework of improving the current situation prevailing in Kosovo , other elements of key importance must be taken into consideration .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	31	His chairmanship was an outstanding success . I also take this opportunity to thank the United Kingdom delegation for all of the hard work and creative work that was necessary to keep up with such an energetic ambassador , and translating his vision into reality . In particular , I mention Anna Clunes , who was Ambassador Greenstock 's indispensable right-hand person throughout his chairmanship , and his legal counsel , Iain MacLeod .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	22	Additional post requested The Registry has an ongoing obligation to ensure that all documents and correspondence relating to its activities are properly kept , to maintain records of such documents and to oversee the disposal of records that are no longer required . Since 1996 , the Tribunal has produced a large number of documents related to both cases and administrative matters .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	34	That will establish a legal basis for testing partners of AIDS-infected persons in order to prosecute people who have deliberately infected others with the virus . The new legislation will also compel employers to keep their infected employees at their jobs . People who discriminate against HIV/AIDS infected or affected people will be prosecuted .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	17	( a ) Interpret speeches made at meetings ; ( b ) Make and arrange for the keeping of sound recordings of meetings ; ( c ) Receive , translate and circulate the documents of the Review Conference ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	90	In her report to the Commission on Human Rights at its sixtieth session , the Special Rapporteur declared that it was her intention to formulate procedures for the incorporation of a new definition into the International Convention in keeping with paragraph 11 of General Assembly resolution 56/232 , in which the Assembly requested the Special Rapporteur to propose a clearer definition of mercenaries , including clear nationality criteria , based on her findings , proposals by States and outcomes of meetings of experts ( see E/CN.4/2005/14 , para . In keeping with this method of work , the Special Rapporteur participated in the third meeting of experts on traditional and new forms of mercenary activities , held in December 2004 , at which she presented her approach to the proposed new definition ( see E/CN.4/2005/23 , paras . As she stated at that meeting , the proposed definition should contain certain core elements of mercenarism derived from the traditional definition that were still applicable .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	43	No other office within the Secretariat is authorized to purchase , commit the United Nations to contractual obligations , or authorize , change or amend any contract or purchase order , unless an exception is specifically granted in writing . This is in keeping with the general principle of segregating procurement duties from requisitioning staff . Contracts used in the capital master plan
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	51	The Inspectors are of the view that all other differences in the statutes and practices of the two Tribunals are minor and do not materially affect the administration of justice thus bringing any further harmonization of the statutes to a close . Recommendation 1 : The General Assembly should continue to keep under review the issue of selection and appointment of members of UNAT with a view to bringing these practices into conformity with the statute and practices of ILOAT . Recommendations 2 : The General Assembly should amend article 10 of the UNAT statute to bring it into conformity with the ILOAT statute and settle the issues of specific performance and compensation limitations .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	55	Welcomes , in this regard , the accession by New Caledonia to the status of observer in the Pacific Islands Forum , continuing high-level visits to New Caledonia by delegations from countries of the Pacific region and high-level visits by delegations from New Caledonia to countries members of the Pacific Islands Forum ; Decides to keep under continuous review the process unfolding in New Caledonia as a result of the signing of the Nouméa Accord ; Also decides to continue the examination of the question of the Non-Self-Governing Territory of New Caledonia and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	17	Rule 41 Sound recordings of meetings of the Conference and of all committees shall be made and kept in accordance with the practice of the United Nations . Unless otherwise decided , no such recordings shall be made of the meetings of any other appropriate body established under rule 34 .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	30	Developed countries should strive to achieve the ODA target of 0.7 per cent of gross national income ( GNI ) . Developing countries must be assured that development financing would keep flowing and that the current crisis would not thus result in an aid crisis . The United Nations should play a leading role in monitoring aid flows , in cooperation with the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development/Development Assistance Committee .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	92	Concerning the author 's claim of a violation of the right protected by article 19 of the Covenant , the Committee observes that the exercise of the right to freedom of expression covered by paragraph 2 of that article entails special duties and responsibilities enumerated in paragraph 3 . It can not , therefore , accept the claim that the author 's freedom of expression was restricted by the Board of Inquiry 's Order of 28 August 1991 as upheld by the Supreme Court of Canada , since that Order was in keeping with article 19 , paragraph 3 , of the Covenant . It must also be pointed out that the exercise of freedom of expression can not be regarded in isolation from the requirements of article 20 of the Covenant , and that it is that article that the State party invokes to justify the measures applied to the author , as indicated in paragraph 6.3 above .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	22	First , it must determine whether to authorize the Secretary-General to sign the loan offer . It could authorize signature simply to keep the offer available pending its consideration of capital master plan financing at the Assembly 's sixtieth session , or to be able to use the loan offer as collateral in securing financing from commercial sources . It could also decide not to take up the loan offer at all .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	49	“ The Security Council reaffirms that the failure by the armed faction of UNITA to implement its obligations under the `Accordos de Paz ' , the Lusaka Protocol , and its relevant resolutions remains the reason for the Security Council sanctions against UNITA . The Council is determined to keep sanctions in place until it is convinced that the conditions in its relevant resolutions are met . It reiterates its call on all States to implement strictly the sanctions regime against UNITA and urges them to strengthen , where appropriate , their internal legislation related to application of sanction measures imposed by the Council .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	24	To break the monotony it may be necessary to invent tasks that will keep the family busy . Records such as diaries can be kept . The survival of the family will depend largely on information received by radio .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	90	In principle , this Decree was drafted on the basis of relevant recommendations of adopted by the Financial Action Task Force ( FATF ) of the Organization for Economic Co-operation Development ( OECD ) , simultaneously taking into account the particular situation of Viet Nam . In the time to come , when the Decree is promulgated , the more sufficient and stricter provisions for detecting , stopping suspicious transactions will further strengthen measures against the financing of terrorism through financial banking transactions in Viet Nam ( Viet Nam will keep on updating CTC on this issue ) . Assistance and guidance :
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	46	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of programmes of assistance for the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations decisions relating to decolonization , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly ,
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	43	The Security Council had ordered that party to disengage from Equateur province starting on 1 June 2001 , to new defensive positions under the Harare sub-plans . My Government must inform the Security Council that the party has in no way disengaged in keeping with the Kampala plan of 8 April 2000 . If the disengagement is to be consistent with the Kampala plan , the party must withdraw by at least 165 kilometres from its current positions .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	30	He encouraged all delegations to do likewise . Mr. Arias Cardenas ( Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela ) said any new methodology for calculating the scale of assessments should be in keeping with the spirit of the Charter and the rules of procedure of the General Assembly , in particular with regard to capacity to pay . The current methodology used gross national income as the accepted indicator of the incomes of Member States , but since the current international economic model did not ensure a just distribution of income the scale included adjustments for debt burden and low per capita income to better reflect the capacity to pay of Member States , in particular the developing countries .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	40	Chapter 1 Security Council Committee established by resolution 661 ( 1990 ) concerning the situation between Iraq and Kuwait By resolution 1483 ( 2003 ) of 22 May 2003 , the Council lifted the comprehensive sanctions regime against Iraq , keeping in place only the arms embargo . The bureau of the Committee in 2002 consisted of Ole Peter Kolby ( Norway ) as Chairman , the delegations of Bulgaria and Mauritius providing the two Vice-Chairmen .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	125	Commends the important role the Special Rapporteur has played towards the elimination of extrajudicial , summary or arbitrary executions , and encourages the Special Rapporteur to continue , within the framework of his mandate , to collect information from all concerned , to respond effectively to reliable information that comes before him , to follow up on communications and country visits and to seek the views and comments of Governments and to reflect them , as appropriate , in the elaboration of his reports ; Strongly urges all States to cooperate with and assist the Special Rapporteur so that his mandate may be carried out effectively , including , where appropriate , by issuing invitations to the Special Rapporteur when he so requests , in keeping with the usual terms of reference for missions by special rapporteurs of the Commission , and to respond to the communications transmitted to them by the Special Rapporteur ; Expresses its appreciation to those States that have invited the Special Rapporteur to visit their countries , asks them to examine carefully the recommendations made by the Special Rapporteur , invites them to report to the Special Rapporteur on the actions taken on those recommendations and requests other States , including those mentioned in the report of the Special Rapporteur , to cooperate in a similar way ;
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	23	The Texans won the game through ball control , with Quarterback Cotton Davidson throwing only 17 passes . `` We always like to keep the ball as much as we can against Denver because they have such an explosive attack '' , explained Stram . `` They can be going along , doing little damage , then bang , bang - they can hit a couple of passes on you for touchdowns and put you in trouble '' .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	67	The fact that China ( which is obsessed by Formosa - to Khrushchev a very small matter ) should be supported by North Korea and North Vietnam is highly indicative . And one cannot but wonder whether Marshal Malinovsky , who was blowing hot and cold , exalting peace but also almost openly considering the possibility of preventive war against the West , was n't trying to keep the Chinese quiet . And this brings us inevitably to the 30 - or 50 - megaton bomb .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	25	We respectfully recommend that decisions on them be made . To specify those modalities , we must , among other things , adopt positions in keeping with today 's realities , accept that the premises on which the Security Council was created , as a reflection of the power structure of 1945 , have ceased to exist and recognize that , because they have the privilege of exercising the all-powerful veto , some of its members have avoided their responsibilities and ignored decisions when it has been in their national interest to do so . In making our proposal , we are echoing Member States and public opinion makers who point to the atavistic veto as an obsession that does not belong in a globalized world , who express their growing concern at the use of this instrument and who agree with the Permanent Representative of Spain when he states that the veto is the mother of all United Nations powers .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	40	However , preparations to omit the indication of religion on identity cards are under way . With respect to changing religion , the Ministry of Foreign Affairs stated that , for statistical reasons , records on all population issues were kept by the General Directorate for Civil Registry and Citizenship Affairs . That is why the information concerning change of religion is also conveyed to the General Directorate .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	52	At its 10th meeting , on 19 June 2008 , the Special Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly that the Committee continue to be represented at seminars , meetings and conferences organized by United Nations bodies and other intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations active in the field of decolonization . In keeping with its decision of 28 February 2008 , the Committee would authorize its Chairman to hold consultations , as appropriate , concerning its participation in those meetings , as well as the level of representation , when accepting invitations . In accordance with established practice and on the basis of the principle of rotation , the Chairman would hold consultations with the Bureau members , who , in turn , would consult with the members of the Committee from their respective regional groups .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	142	Another patient , a paranoid woman , for many months infuriated not only me but the ward personnel and her fellow patients by arrogantly behaving as though she owned the whole building , as though she were the only person in it whose needs were to be met . This behavior on her part subsided only after I had come to see the uncomfortably close similarity between , on the one hand , her arranging the ventilation of the common living room to her own liking , or turning the television off or on without regard to the wishes of the others , and on the other hand , my own coming stolidly into her room despite her persistent and vociferous objections , bringing my big easy chair with me , usually shutting the windows of her room which she preferred to keep in a very cold state , and plunking myself down in my chair - in short , behaving as if I owned her room . Here a variety of meanings and emotions are concentrated , or reduced , in their communicative expression , to some comparatively simple seeming verbal or nonverbal statement .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	39	In many cases , the United Nations assists in post-conflict peace-building in the absence of any military deployment . Through a range of efforts , often in partnership with other organizations , the United Nations provides good offices to keep peace processes on track , monitor elections , assist in the repatriation and reintegration of refugees and aid in the rehabilitation of war-torn economies . The main challenge always remains the establishment of new and durable state structures and the provision of external assistance in a way that allows local societies to move most rapidly and effectively towards a sustainable peace .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	43	As Mr. Pronk said , the presence of the African Mission in Darfur is a main and crucial element and can not be disposed of . It could be strengthened by other units and other forces , and , consequently , we must keep that force to keep peace and security in Darfur . We all hope that the African Union Peace and Security Council will extend the mandate of AMIS in Darfur until it accomplishes the mission and the tasks for which it was set up .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	40	After having taken 28 000 sums and electric interrupters valued at 4600 sums , they left . Later in the day , they bought six doses of heroin from one K. , and after having injected themselves with four , kept the remaining two with them . These were later seized from Annenkov 's apartment .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	46	Requests the Secretary-General to convene an open-ended working group of experts , for a period of no less than ten working days , to hold a triennial review of reimbursement rates for contingent-owned equipment and self-sustainment , including medical service , in 2004 ; Decides to keep this matter under review at its fifty-sixth session . The Fifth Committee also recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft decisions :
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	27	With these preliminaries , let me briefly remind you of the context within which France 's action falls . First of all , our position is in keeping with the “ common position ” of the European Union at the May 2005 NPT Review Conference , which for the time being binds each of the 25 member countries of the European Union . It is in that framework that I will be making my statement .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	58	Welcomes further the endorsement of the report of the Forum Ministerial Committee on New Caledonia by leaders of the Pacific Islands Forum at its 36th Summit , in October 2005 in Papua New Guinea , and the continuing role of the Forum Ministerial Committee in monitoring developments in the Territory and encouraging closer regional engagements ; Decides to keep under continuous review the process unfolding in New Caledonia as a result of the signing of the Nouméa Accord ; Requests the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples to continue the examination of the question of the Non-Self-Governing Territory of New Caledonia and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its sixty-second session .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	13	Our current deliberations are therefore of the utmost importance . In order to keep our promise to stop the spread of HIV/AIDS and to begin to reverse the current tragic trend by 2015 , the international community — along with the efforts made in the areas of research and , in particular , prevention , which remain the basis for our efforts — must place special emphasis on access to drugs in developing countries . In those countries the frightening statistics regarding the number of people living with AIDS , dying daily and being seropositive point to a health crisis rarely known in the history of humankind .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	52	As discussed by the Universalization Contact Group , these include : Bahrain , Lao People 's Democratic Republic , Lebanon , Marshall Islands , Micronesia ( Federated States of ) , Nepal , Oman , Palau , Poland , Tonga , Tuvalu and the United Arab Emirates . ( ii ) In keeping with Action # 3 of the Nairobi Action Plan , all States Parties and those that share their aims should continue to increase universalization efforts that place a priority on those States not parties that produce , use , transfer and maintain large stockpiles of anti-personnel mines , including those developing new kinds of anti-personnel mines . ( iii ) Further to Actions # 5 and # 6 of the Nairobi Action Plan , States Parties should make renewed efforts to use bilateral , regional and multilateral meetings and events to promote the Convention including in the United Nations General Assembly and its committees .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	68	Subsection 12 ( 1 ) of AMLA was amended to provide that section 11 of AMLA does not prevent the communication of the competent authority 's information under Part III of AMLA with respect to a prosecution or legal proceedings in connection with the commission of a terrorism financing offence . Paragraph 14 ( a ) of AMLA was amended to separate threshold reporting requirements from threshold record keeping requirements under section 13 of AMLA . The proposed amendment seeks to empower the competent authority to specify the threshold under paragraph 14 ( a ) notwithstanding the threshold under section 13 of AMLA .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	31	In addition , both ports control dangerous cargo by implementing the International Maritime Dangerous Goods Code ( IMDG Code ) . To ensure the safety of lives , property and goods kept in the port area , port security staff , in cooperation with the local police , are on duty on an around the clock basis . The port fire brigade consists of well-trained staff and sophisticated facilities .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	82	In view of the persisting regional dispute over Sahara , the Secretary-General sought to find a mutually acceptable political solution . In his report of 24 April 2001 , he says that he believes “ that substantial progress has been made towards determining whether the Government of Morocco as the administrative power in Western Sahara is prepared to offer or support some devolution of authority for all the inhabitants and former inhabitants of the Territory that is genuine , substantial and in keeping with international norms ” ( S/2001/398 , para . The implication is that Morocco , exercising authority over the territory quite legally , is therefore entitled to delegate certain powers to bodies democratically elected by the entire population concerned , specifically for the sake of settling definitively the regional dispute over Sahara .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	44	A total of 284 recipients participated in the programme in the academic year 2000/2001 , while 401 students graduated and 13 failed in the period 1995-2000 . These awards , while not provided specifically in response to the General Assembly resolution , are in keeping with its spirit and intention . The Government of Switzerland contributed $ 1 , 703 , 581 between 1989 and 1996 and an additional $ 338 , 000 in 1997 to the UNRWA scholarship programme for secondary school graduates .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	47	It mainly addressed the question of how to coordinate the action of the Security Council and the Economic and Social Council to prevent economic crises from resulting in political crises and outbreaks of violence . As outgoing Chair , I would like to stress the need to keep that issue on the agenda of the Working Group , because the ideas considered during the aforementioned policy forum should be studied in greater depth . “ On 29 June 2005 , the Working Group held a meeting on the preparation and the adoption of the Governance and Economic Management Assistance Programme ( GEMAP ) in order to provide the National Transitional Government of Liberia with a strategy to aid its quest for transparency and accountability in the management of State resources , taking into account the recommendation made in the seventh progress report of the Secretary-General on the United Nations Mission in Liberia ( S/2005/391 ) , of 16 June 2005 .
keep%2:35:10::	keep.v	49	In practice , the legal adviser has no time even to attend the first interview . This is very important , as it is after the first interview that the decision is made whether to deal with the case by the accelerated procedure and whether the asylum-seeker will be kept in detention . The petitioner further states that he had three different lawyers acting for him at different times and that neither of his first two lawyers was familiar enough with the situation in Sri Lanka to ask him the appropriate questions , including a question as to the possibility of scars on his body .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	61	The Committee noted that the investigation was suspended after an agreement was reached with the Ministry of Defence on a three-phase action plan to deal with sexual harassment in the armed services . Noting that the plan was in its second phase and that the entire project was scheduled for completion in early 2008 , the Committee asked the Government to keep it informed on the progress of this work and its impact in preventing sexual harassment and improving the mechanisms to deal with sexual harassment complaints in the armed services . The Committee further understood that a case had recently been decided in which a Muslim schoolteacher was suspended from her job at Headfield Church of England Junior School after refusing to remove her veil in the presence of male colleagues .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	56	The NIR shall be submitted annually in its entirety to the COP , through the secretariat , in accordance with the relevant decisions of the COP , either as a printed document or electronically , and it should be updated annually to reflect changes . Parties shall publish their NIRs and may fulfil that obligation by keeping the NIR in its entirety on their national web sites . If the NIR is posted on a national web site , the address of the exact location should be indicated in the CRF and in the NIR .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	38	Since its founding in 1968 , the PanAmerican-PanAfrican Association has had a long history of activities that have supported the principles and mission of the United Nations . As the cornerstone of its organizational philosophy ( and in keeping with the Millennium Development Goals ) , the PanAmerican-PanAfrican Association seeks to promote the concept of “ mutuality of benefit ” between developing and developed nations in international trade relations , intra-national and international cultural arts exchange programmes , student exchange programmes and educational exchange programmes . This concept of “ Mutuality of Benefit ” has been implemented through the sharing of past and present experiences and knowledge with those societal entities which are experiencing upward bound advances in such areas as cultural , educational and economic exchange , as well as religious and human rights , without imposing its programme objectives upon other national , cultural , religious and economic groups of nations .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	34	Under the previous payment system , the above factors would have undoubtedly generated additional costs . However , owing to the efficiencies of the new payment system , the Tribunal has been able to keep such increases under control . A. Indigence
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	30	I wish to congratulate the Secretary-General on the launching of the Counter-Terrorism Online Handbook ( www.un.org/terrorism/cthandbook ) on 16 February . That initiative , in our view , is in keeping with what we are discussing here today : providing Member States with mechanisms for coordination , training and consultation and for sharing their national experiences — mechanisms that can enable them to undertake better-coordinated action with the Organization . Initiatives such as those that we are discussing today should be undertaken at the national and subregional levels on every continent .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	31	I should like in particular to draw attention to the consensus agreements reached at the South American Conference on Migration , contained in the 2006 Asunción Declaration . Argentina , in keeping with its historical tradition in that respect , would like to affirm that the quest for better living conditions elsewhere should not be viewed as blameworthy , much less criminalized . Countries should therefore address the issue by seeking to establish mechanisms for cooperation and integration , assuming a common responsibility in this respect .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	51	This provides a good platform from which to move on to a further exercise of self-determination , which the Council has indicated it intends to explore with the three villages and the General Fono in the months to come . The request by the Tokelauan Council for the ongoing Government to keep the current package of the draft constitution and draft treaty on the table has for now been accepted by the New Zealand Government . At the present stage , no time limit has been placed on the agreement .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	43	For information regarding the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development and ESM , see subsection IV.A.3 of the general technical guidelines . Parties to the Basel and Stockholm conventions should examine national controls , standards and procedures to ensure that they are in keeping with the conventions and with their obligations under them , including those which pertain to ESM of wastes consisting of , containing or contaminated with DDT. Elements of a regulatory framework applicable to DDT could also include the following : ( a ) Environmental protection legislation establishing a regulatory regime and setting release limits ;
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	46	At its last session , the Working Group found that a model provision on the matter would be useful . Given the complexity of the issues and the various policy options mentioned in the legislative recommendation , the experts agreed that it would be better to keep it as a footnote to the text of the model provision dealing with the authority to enter into concession agreements ( see proposed footnote to draft model provision 3 ) . Authority to regulate infrastructure services ( see UNCITRAL Legislative Guide , legislative recommendations 7-11 , and chap. I , “ General legislative and institutional framework ” , paras .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	40	She enquired whether a girl 's full consent was required for marriage . She also wondered how , in the event of divorce , assets were divided , which parent had custody of the children , whether the wife could keep the family home and whether alimony was paid . Ms. Simonovic said that in 1994 the Committee had requested Japan to change discriminatory laws related to marriage and family relations , in accordance with article 16 ; it might be wondered whether the Government had the political will to comply with the Convention .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	50	The United States , for its part , would have preferred the adoption of the 30-nation proposal , or the text proposed by the Ambassador of Finland the previous year , but was committed with other countries to finding compromises . In addition , such a solution would be in keeping with the conception of the Convention , with the States parties to the latter remaining free to decide whether to become parties to the Protocols annexed thereto . The meeting rose at 1.10 p.m .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	46	According to joint submission 3 , political life in the Democratic Republic of the Congo continues to be dominated by men . ICTJ recommends ensuring that women are represented in decision-making bodies , and joint submission 2 recommends drafting a law to ensure parity , in keeping with the Constitution . Right to work and to just and favourable conditions of work
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	27	That outcome clearly demonstrates the efficacy of the sanctions as a means , and not as an end in themselves . That is why my Government favours keeping and tightening them until peace becomes irreversible in Angola . Nevertheless , my Government is still concerned with the findings of United Nations reports , according to which not all countries have fully adopted measures called for by the sanctions resolutions .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	29	The decrease in Paraguay 's tax receipts was fully covered by royalty payments from the binational hydroelectric dams . In Uruguay , however , the decline in tax receipts kept the fiscal deficit high . Expenditure , on the other hand , increased .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	44	The Russian Federation , like the absolute majority of States Members of the United Nations , firmly condemns the embargo and favours its prompt repeal . The continuation of the economic , commercial and financial embargo of Cuba by the United States is not keeping in with the spirit of the times and hinders the establishment of a new , just world order for the twenty-first century based on the fundamental principles of the Charter of the United Nations and the primacy of international law . Saint Kitts and Nevis
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	23	Welcoming the recent signature of the Second Optional Protocol by some States , Welcoming also the fact that many countries , while still keeping the death penalty in their penal legislation , are applying a moratorium on executions , Referring to the report of the Special Rapporteur on extrajudicial , summary or arbitrary executions ( E/CN.4/2001/9 and Corr.1 ) with respect to the Safeguards guaranteeing protection of the rights of those facing the death penalty , set out in the annex to Economic and Social Council resolution 1984/50 ,
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	60	Requests the Secretary-General to fill expeditiously vacant positions for web-site assistants in all official languages from external candidates , utilizing general temporary assistance ; Recalls paragraph 44 of its resolution 58/270 and takes note of the relevant paragraph of the Secretary-General 's report regarding the Repertory of Practice of the United Nations Organs , 20 and requests the Secretary-General to keep the matter under review and to report thereon to the General Assembly in the context of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2006-2007 ; Approves a net increase of 172 , 851 , 200 dollars in the appropriation approved for the biennium 2004-2005 and a net increase of 9 , 406 , 800 dollars in the estimates of income for the biennium , to be apportioned among expenditure and income sections as indicated in the report of the Secretary-General20 and amended to reflect the recommendation of the Advisory Committee ; 19
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	94	Cambodia associates itself with the statement by Ambassador Rezlan Ishar Jenie , Permanent Representative of the Republic of Indonesia , on behalf of members of the Non-Aligned Movement and also the statement by the Ambassador of Myanmar on behalf of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations . In the face of uncertainties and challenges , when the world seems to be overwhelmed by conflict and serious threats , such as the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction , terrorism , environmental degradation and infectious diseases , it is important for all of us to keep our commitment to maintain peace and security in the world . We are successful in producing larger quantities of weapons notorious for individual or mass killing , but we have been far less successful in reducing them .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	54	First , where the encumbered assets are already held by or can easily be brought into the possession of a third party , especially a commercial keeper of other persons ' assets . The second field of application is where instruments and documents , embodying tangible assets or intangible rights , can be easily kept by the secured creditor itself ( such situations are addressed by special laws ) . ( b ) Right of retention
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	44	Many of these gaps could be addressed if they were recognized rather than ignored before programmes are implemented . Although many respondents argue that programmes are demand-driven , there is ample evidence that in fact the pressure on some managers to find means to keep their programme going induces them to be funding-driven rather than demand-driven . This propensity leads to less attention being paid to the results of the needs and assessment analyses and the implementation of projects that should not be initiated under the prevailing conditions. It is therefore recommended that :
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	52	The programme could reach more people in Africa and elsewhere if the materials were available in languages other than English and French . Systematic records of groups requesting bulk copies of various issues of the magazine , and of feedback on their assessment of and access to those publications , will be kept . Section 12 Trade and development*
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	110	( b ) Enhance the effectiveness and coordination of international institutions to implement Agenda 21 , the outcomes of the World Summit on Sustainable Development , relevant sustainable development aspects of the Millennium Declaration , the Monterrey Consensus and the outcome of the Fourth Ministerial Meeting of the World Trade Organization , held in Doha in November 2001 . Request the Secretary-General of the United Nations , utilizing the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination , including through informal collaborative efforts , to further promote system-wide inter-agency cooperation and coordination on sustainable development , to take appropriate measures to facilitate exchange of information , and to continue to keep the Economic and Social Council and the Commission informed of actions being taken to implement Agenda 21 . Significantly strengthen support for the capacity-building programmes of the United Nations Development Programme for sustainable development , building on the experience gained from the Capacity 21 programme , as important mechanisms for supporting local and national development capacity-building efforts , in particular in developing countries .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	51	( e ) When the Pre-Trial Chamber issues a summons to appear pursuant to article 58 , paragraph 7 , and intends to set conditions restricting liberty , it shall ascertain the relevant provisions of the national law of the State receiving the summons . In a manner that is in keeping with the national law of the State receiving the summons , the Pre-Trial Chamber shall proceed in accordance with paragraphs ( a ) , ( b ) and ( c ) sub-rules 1 , 2 and 3 . If the Pre-Trial Chamber receives information that the person concerned has failed to comply with conditions imposed , it shall proceed in accordance with paragraph ( d ) sub-rule 4 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	25	And , of course , primary education is a must for all children in Grenada , which ensures a very high literacy rate . In keeping with the purposes of the special session on children , April was designated Child Abuse Prevention and Awareness Month in Grenada . The Grenada National Coalition on the Rights of the Child , in conjunction with the Global Movement for Children and UNICEF 's point person , have been rallying Government leaders , schools , non-governmental organizations , churches , labour movements and the media in support of the “ Say yes for children ” campaign by placing children at the top of the national agenda .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	50	It will take robust action to protect civilians in imminent threat of danger and prevent attacks on United Nations facilities and personnel as well as humanitarian workers . As the fighting forces withdraw from the front lines , MONUC will deploy troops to monitor the zones of separation , in keeping with the disengagement plan developed by the Mission . With the additional capabilities proposed , the MONUC strategy will also focus on conducting operations from designated zones in the Kivus to compel FDLR to accept disarmament , demobilization , reintegration and resettlement or repatriation .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	24	In addition , under the treaty , nuclear warheads are to be stored , not destroyed . A number of warheads are to be kept in case of need for retaliation . There is no limit on multiple-warhead missiles and we are greatly concerned to find that the treaty provides no renunciation of the use of nuclear weapons , more specifically the possibility of using such weapons in the case of an armed attack , whatever its nature .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	89	The Association therefore welcomed the fact that the current year 's draft resolution condemned the resumption of military manoeuvres and the arrest and harassment of demonstrators and called for the cessation of military manoeuvres on Vieques and the return of all the land to the people of Puerto Rico . The Association endorsed the wording of the draft resolution because it reaffirmed the Latin American and Caribbean nature of the Puerto Rican nation and the right of Puerto Rico to self-determination and independence , committed the Special Committee to keeping the question of Puerto Rico under review and called for the release of Puerto Rican prisoners serving sentences in United States prisons on cases related to the struggle for the independence of Puerto Rico . She therefore urged the Special Committee to adopt the draft resolution .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	40	The effectiveness of the Office relied heavily on the implementation of its recommendations by the funds and programmes of the Organization , which should urgently comply with them . The Office should addressed unimplemented recommendations in its annual report and keep track of its recommendations . Regarding the issue of savings identified and realized , he questioned the appropriateness of comparing the recommended amount of recoveries for the current period to the total actual amount recovered for current and prior periods .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	52	At its 11th meeting , on 22 June 2004 , the Special Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly that the Committee continue to be represented at seminars , meetings and conferences organized by United Nations bodies and other intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations active in the field of decolonization . In keeping with its decision of 11 February 2004 , the Committee would authorize its Chairman to hold consultations , as appropriate , concerning its participation in those meetings , as well as the level of representation , when accepting invitations . In accordance with established practice and on the basis of the principle of rotation , the Chairman would hold consultations with the Bureau members , who , in turn , would consult with the members of the Committee from their respective regional groups .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	41	In that regard , the Economic and Social Council 's ministerial review of progress towards development goals , held in July 2007 , had made important strides in advancing their implementation . Collective efforts would bear fruit only if all stakeholders kept their promises . In that common endeavour , there must be a renewed commitment to the guiding principles agreed by all in Monterrey .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	71	Decides to devote one plenary meeting at its fifty-eighth session , in early December 2003 , to launching the tenth anniversary of the International Year of the Family ; Also decides to devote two plenary meetings at its fifty-ninth session , in 2004 , to the observance of the tenth anniversary of the International Year of the Family , and to designate those meetings as an international conference on families in keeping with the procedures and practices of the General Assembly ; Urges the Secretary-General to continue to play an active role in facilitating international cooperation within the framework of the follow-up to the International Year of the Family , to facilitate the exchange of experiences and information among Governments on effective policies and strategies , to facilitate technical assistance , with a focus on least developed and developing countries , and to encourage the organization of subregional and interregional meetings and relevant research ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	19	Of concern also is discrimination based on sexual orientation . In the design of HIV/AIDS-related strategies , and in keeping with their obligations under the Convention , States parties must give careful consideration to prescribed gender norms within their societies with a view to eliminating gender-based discrimination as these norms impact on the vulnerability of both girls and boys to HIV/AIDS . States parties should , in particular , recognize that discrimination in the context of HIV/AIDS often impacts girls more severely than boys .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	52	As regards combating international terrorism , it is indispensable for the Council to respond positively to the appeal of the High Commissioner for Human Rights and enshrine human rights as the cornerstone of the struggle against terrorism . The Council must make sure that any measures adopted against international terrorism are in keeping with human rights and international humanitarian law , and in particular the principles of due process and non-refoulement . It is particularly indispensable that the Council adopt clear guidelines so that the inclusion or removal of the names of individuals from sanctions lists is more respectful of the high international standards of evidence and due process .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	73	There is wide variation in national systems for regulating the manufacture of small arms and light weapons , their parts and components , ammunition and explosives , and associated technologies and services , and in most countries such activities are well regulated . However , in some States , there are problems of insufficient State control , licensing or authorization of the manufacture of such goods , and of the stockpiles of arms kept by manufacturers and dealers . There are gaps in some States ' laws .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	32	Today marks an important step forward in the promotion of peace and security on the Korean peninsula and in North-East Asia . All the countries in the region must work together in keeping with the spirit and the letter of this important resolution . Finally , I wish to thank you , Mr. President , for having guided us through these difficult deliberations , and I thank all members of the Council , in particular the eight sponsors of our draft , for their cooperation and unstinting support in the process of bringing days of hard work to fruition .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	59	Some members expressed the opinion that some references to the practice of certain entities as being examples of unilateral acts of States were wrong , since those entities were not States . The view was expressed that some of the cases referred to in the report in relation to Taiwan as a subject of international law were not in keeping with General Assembly resolution 2758 ( XXVI ) and should therefore not have been included . It was also pointed out that it was not entirely correct to say that the solemn declarations made before the Security Council concerning nuclear weapons were without legal value .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	60	After renewed calls by ECOWAS heads of State or Government and the recommendations of the twenty-first report of the Secretary-General on the United Nations Mission in Sierra Leone ( UNAMSIL ) ( S/2004/228 ) , the Security Council , in resolution 1537 ( 2004 ) , extended the mandate of UNAMSIL until 30 September 2004 . It also decided to keep a residual force in the country with effect from 1 January 2005 , for an initial period of six months . The issue of the continued retention of a residual force to consolidate gains merits the appropriate attention .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	60	The draft model provision reflects the substance of legislative recommendation 28 . With a view to enhancing transparency in negotiations under subparagraph ( f ) , the Working Group agreed that the contracting authority should be required to state the reasons for any departure from the original project specifications and contractual terms in the record that it was required to keep under model legislative provision 26 . The Working Group also agreed that a footnote should be added to subparagraph ( f ) to that effect ( A/CN.9/521 , para .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	15	Comment . The recommendation has not been fully implemented and the Board will continue to keep the matter under review . International Tribunal for the Prosecution of Persons Responsible for Serious Violations of International Humanitarian Law Committed in the Territory of the Former Yugoslavia15
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	28	If a weapon is lost or falls into wrong hands , it must be reported to the police . The police may also verify if weapons are being kept under secure conditions in private homes . Bearing in mind that elimination of the supply of weapons constitutes an integral element of anti-terrorist strategy worldwide , the Supreme Security Council of the Republic of Moldova has instructed the Ministry of Defense to inspect permanently the security of the storage of arms , ammunition , and explosives .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	70	Throughout the entire period of the Coordinator 's mission , the then Government of Iraq maintained that it had already returned a large part of the Kuwaiti property and pledged to hand over to Kuwait any item that might still be found . In January 2003 , the Coordinator was informed in Baghdad by Iraqi officials that they were searching for Kuwaiti documents and that Iraq had no incentive to keep such documents . Iraq also affirmed that the issue of property should be addressed under Security Council resolution 687 ( 1991 ) .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	78	At the forty-second session of the Working Group ( New York , 10-14 January 2005 ) , it was said that article 17 ter could be misunderstood as providing that the arbitral tribunal could only direct the parties in general terms not to frustrate the purpose of the interim measure . Notwithstanding that view , it was understood that the arbitral tribunal had a more general discretion to issue a preliminary order that was appropriate and was in keeping with the circumstances of the case and that such an understanding should be made clear in any explanatory material . Article 17 quater
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	30	Hank had gathered wood for a cookfire , and his wife was busy at it now . Conchita kept an eye on the twins and little Elena , trying to keep them from falling into the creek by which they persisted in playing . Conchita nagged at the younger children , attempting without success to keep her thoughts off Tom Brannon .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	60	We should also like to express our sincere congratulations to the entire international community on the tenth anniversary of the entry into force of the Convention on the prohibition of anti-personnel landmines , otherwise known as the Ottawa Convention . The Ottawa Convention is an ideal framework for dealing with the issue of landmines in a comprehensive manner , in keeping with the aspirations and hopes of the international community and , in particular , victims of landmines . It is also a framework for true partnership and solidarity between affected countries and donor countries , between States and intergovernmental organizations and between regional organizations and civil society .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	49	The cooperation of the Government of Indonesia with the United Nations is vital to ensure effective protection of human rights for all the people in East Timor during the transition process to the full implementation of the agreements of 5 May 1999 . The High Commissioner shall continue to keep the Commission informed of developments in the situation of human rights in East Timor and on efforts to bring the perpetrators of gross violations to justice . Meting out justice is the least that can be done on behalf of the innocent victims of this wanton destruction and of gross violations of their human rights .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	97	Noting the obligation of all States , pursuant to the provisions of the Convention , to cooperate in the conservation and management of living marine resources , and recognizing the importance of coordination and cooperation at the global , regional and subregional as well as national levels in the areas , inter alia , of data collection , information-sharing , capacity-building and training for the conservation , management and sustainable development of marine living resources , Noting with satisfaction that the Review Conference agreed to continue the informal consultations of States parties to the Agreement and to keep the Agreement under review through the resumption of the Conference at a date not later than 2011 , to be agreed at a future informal consultation of States parties to the Agreement , Calling attention to the need for more work to develop port State measures and schemes , and the critical need for cooperation with developing States to build their capacity in this regard ,
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	34	And it opened doors to further action on global public health , global warming and mediation . Now , we turn to a new task : to implement what has been agreed and to keep working to bridge differences that remain . The Summit Outcome ( resolution 60/1 ) imposes responsibility on each of us individually and on all of us collectively .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	44	Such analysis requires additional time and funds for the analysis of voting lists , and can not be done by statistical institutions . Voting lists are a constituent part of electoral material which , according to the rules of the election commissions , are kept for a certain period of time , and serve for checking the information during the review of submitted complaints for individual election activities . Women in political parties
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	19	The Department , in turn , submits quarterly and yearly statements to the Registered Capital . All statements are kept in the post office archives , at the Department and Social Fund . The strategy emphasizes that “ the specific features of the pension insurance system in the Republic of Moldova is determined by the dominant position of State property and is directed towards a centralized , planned economy .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	70	In that context , the call for an alliance of civilizations has our support. It is likely to be more uplifting and enduring than a quest for dominance by one over the other . The erosion of trade preferences at the multilateral level has brought with it new challenges to the small and vulnerable economies of the Caribbean , requiring Governments to engage in structural adjustments and fiscal calisthenics to keep our economies afloat . At the same time , the development deliverables that the Doha Round promised to our countries — which , like the Biblical manna , are urgently needed for our sustenance — have yet to materialize , owing to the floundering negotiations of that Round .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	44	Having considered the report of the Commission on its thirty-sixth session , Concerned that activities undertaken by other bodies in the field of international trade law without adequate coordination with the Commission might lead to undesirable duplication of efforts and would not be in keeping with the aim of promoting efficiency , consistency and coherence in the unification and harmonization of international trade law , Taking note of the proposals made by the Secretary-General in the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 with a view to strengthening the secretariat of the Commission within the bounds of the resources available in the Organization so as to enable it to deal with the increased workload arising , inter alia , from the coordination of work with other organizations and growing demands for legislative technical assistance ,
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	24	Like the President of the General Assembly , the Spokesperson changes every year . Currently there is no assistant or permanent staff member to keep the Spokesperson 's office going from year to year . As a result , there are no files or records passed on from one Spokesperson to the next and no other institutional arrangements that would enable new Spokespersons to benefit from the experience of their predecessors .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	148	Since the ICTR judge came into office prior to 1 January 1999 , he will receive a pension of approximately $ 44 , 000.00 , because , by virtue of article 1 ( 2 ) ( g ) of annex III “ he or she shall continue to receive one one-hundred-and-thirty-third of the International Tribunal 's pension benefit for each further month subsequent to his or her initial term , up to a maximum pension equivalent to eight twenty-sevenths of the annual salary ” . Although both judges have the very same years of service , six years , and although they have both earned the same monthly , yearly and aggregate salary over the period of six years , the ICTR judge receives a pension that is approximately $ 12 , 000.00 less than that of the ICJ judge — an outcome that is clearly not in keeping with the statutory requirement that his conditions of service be the same as those of the ICJ judge . However , if an ICTR judge did not come into office prior to 1 January 1999 — and this is the case for all but one ICTR judge — and serves for six years he will receive the same pension of approximately $ 37 , 000.00 that he would have received had he demitted office after four years service .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	24	Serbia reported that it had not taken measures providing for such notifications . Reporting on the implementation of measures to require financial institutions to keep adequate records , as prescribed in paragraph 3 , Azerbaijan stated that such records had to be kept for a minimum of 5 years after termination of the customer relationship , while Croatia indicated that such records had to be kept for 4 or 10 years , depending on their nature . Bulgaria stated that its Agency for financial intelligence kept a register of questionable clients and payments , but did not indicate whether it required financial institutions to maintain adequate records .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	36	Since 1994 , when the Security Council held its first debate on this issue , it has come a long way . I trust that the Council will consolidate the gains that have been made and keep moving forward . I look forward to working with the Council in strengthening even further the cooperation between it and the Secretariat .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	44	In the case of commercial transactions , importers must register in a national register of importers and arms traders , which is verified by the National Customs Service , before goods are admitted into the country . Meanwhile , goods are held in safe keeping in customs areas . Export of firearms is governed by similar provisions , except for military materiel , which also requires an end-user certificate .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	64	In that context , the EU reiterates the urgent necessity for the universalization of the NPT and as early an entry into force as possible of the CTBT . The EU calls on all States in that region to make the Middle East into an effectively verifiable zone free of nuclear weapons and other weapons of mass destruction and their delivery systems , in keeping with the resolution on the Middle East adopted at the 1995 Review and Extension Conference . Iran 's nuclear programme poses a major challenge to the non-proliferation regime .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	143	The Chairman said that , although more than US $ 4 billion in aid had been pledged at the International Conference in Support of the Palestinian Economy for the Reconstruction of Gaza held in Sharm el-Sheikh , Egypt , on 2 March 2009 , for the following two years , the money could not yet be put to work owing to the continued closure of the Territory by the occupying Power . At a press conference in Ramallah on 3 March 2009 , the United States Secretary of State , Hillary Clinton , had pledged , following a visit to Israel and the Occupied Palestinian Territory , on 2 and 3 March 2009 , to work resolutely towards moving the Middle East peace process forward and criticized Israel 's plan to demolish Palestinian homes in East Jerusalem as “ unhelpful and not in keeping with the obligations entered into under the road map ” . On 10 and 11 March 2009 , the Committee had convened the United Nations Seminar on Assistance to the Palestinian People in Cairo .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	13	Do buy all-purpose mugs or cups . Get copper or earthenware mugs that keep beer chilled or soup hot . Be sure to get a few more than you need .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	46	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of programmes of assistance to the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations resolutions and decisions relating to decolonization , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly ,
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	32	Contradictory signals , rumours and signs of tension are mounting . France is convinced that , if they find the necessary political will , the Ivorian actors still have the ability to keep their commitments , with the support of the international community . In any case , they must know that they are held to their word by the Security Council and will be judged on their acts .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	64	In conclusion , Secretary-General Kofi Annan spoke honestly and explicitly at the end of the Quartet meeting on 26 September 2003 , when he said that the situation calls for bold steps with a view to extricating ourselves from this impasse and to beginning to implement the road map . Transparent machinery is required to tackle certain tasks , with close monitoring , in keeping with a clear timetable and carrying out well defined measures , so that commitments can be kept and implemented . The President : I call on the representative of Cuba .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	30	UNICEF rapidly flew in relief supplies , including water storage tanks and purification tablets , vaccines , oral rehydration salts ( ORS ) and vitamin supplements . Immediate priorities were keeping children alive and healthy , providing safe water and sanitation , protecting children and getting them back to school . UNICEF helped to mount extensive campaigns to immunize children against measles and provide vitamin A .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	40	It had also been unclear whether in instances where there was case law concerning article II such a declaration would have much effect . The word “ recommendation ” was less aggressive than “ declaration ” and therefore more in keeping with the nature of the document . The Chairman said he took it that the Commission wished to adopt the title and paragraphs to of the draft contained in document A/CN.9/607 , paragraph 4 , as amended .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	57	So if we are going to sustain the gains we have made already and not waste the investments and the results we have , if we are going to get anywhere near universal access to HIV prevention treatment and care , the world will need to significantly increase investments in AIDS . In addition , we must keep prioritizing the UNAIDS mantra of making the money work for people on the ground . The money must be there where it makes an impact .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	11	[ Original : French ] [ 13 July 2007 ] In keeping with its Constitution , the Central African Republic , out of respect for the national sovereignty and territorial integrity of States , affirms its determination to cooperate in peace and friendship with all States . Accordingly , it does not enact coercive laws or measures against other States .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	37	It is thus clear that neither at the Cairo Conference , nor at the meetings or in statements at Santiago and San Juan , have the practices of abortion been promoted . This position is fully in keeping with the feelings and beliefs of the majority of the Guatemalan people . The Government of Guatemala wishes to confirm its commitment to the Cairo Programme of Action and will continue to comply with it , within the constitutional precepts and the laws existing in our country .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	41	Article 205 : Any person having committed the forgery of personal documents shall be punished with imprisonment from one to three years and a fine of 20 to 50 riyals . Article 206 : Any person who is legally obliged to keep records that are subject to monitoring by an official agency and who fakes such records so as to mislead the agency shall receive the penalty stipulated in the previous article . Any person who knowingly uses such fake records shall also receive the same penalty .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	65	In this connection , it will be necessary to hold an additional plenary meeting this evening , from 6 to 9 p.m. I would like once again to appeal to speakers to limit their statements to five minutes so that we can exhaust the list of speakers at a reasonable hour tomorrow . I hope that I can count on the cooperation of representatives to keep to this time limit . I now give the floor to His Excellency Mr. Alexis Bizimungu , Chef de Cabinet of the Vice-Ministry of Planning of Burundi .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	79	Accountability can also be defined more simply as “ the process in which A answers to B for Z ( where Z has been prescribed by B and accepted by A ) ” . Unfortunately , the term “ accountability ” often has negative connotations in the United Nations system , although , if approached constructively , it can help create a climate conducive to experimentation , change and solutions , because people can count on one another to keep performance commitments and communication agreements and feel supported and trusted . In fact , it has been argued that what impacts most on how staff members are motivated and made most effective is not only competitive pay , not simply contractual arrangements , not even the performance appraisal system , the selection process or work/family arrangements , but organizational culture .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	65	Ukraine further reported that taking into account the destruction productivity of the Pavlograd Chemical Plant , which does not exceed 1.8-2 million mines per year , if further delay with international assistance was to be experienced , Ukraine might not be in a position to fulfil its Article 4 obligations by its deadline . The Co-Chairs of the Standing Committee on Stockpile Destruction , in keeping with Actions # 14 and # 16 of the Nairobi Action Plan , gave special attention to the challenges to comply with Article 4 obligations on the part of those States Parties that must destroy vast quantities of Soviet-era PFM mines . They did so in part by convening on 11 April 2008 informal closed consultations with representatives of the States Parties concerned , with the participation of interested donors , experts and relevant intergovernmental and nongovernmental organizations .
keep%2:35:10::	keep.v	86	At its fifty-first session , the Sub-Commission had before it a report issued on 5 May 1999 by Amnesty International on the situation of human rights in Togo which was based on the results of a fact-finding mission conducted in November and December 1998 . This report told of the torture and extrajudicial execution of hundreds of victims in Togo in 1998 and of enforced disappearances , arrests , arbitrary detention , ill-treatment and deaths in detention caused by the poor conditions in which detainees were kept . On 20 August 1999 , during the fifty-first session , the Chairperson of the Sub-Commission issued a statement on the situation of human rights in Togo .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	57	Human Rights Watch said that the difficulty of tracing the actual owner of a vessel or cargo was a major problem , especially in connection with the use of flags of convenience . In addition , the lack of a “ genuine link ” , evidenced by the fact that ship owners were often not required to keep assets , employees or offices in the territory of their flag State rendered it materially difficult to enforce measures against them . The group recommended that a joint IMO/ILO/FAO/OECD/ UNCTAD committee be established to examine and clarify the role of the “ genuine link ” in both merchant shipping and illegal , unreported and unregulated fishing .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	33	An aunt or uncle offers an initial barlake to the woman 's family , who then cares for her until she is old enough to marry . This is sometimes a way of keeping barlake within families . She is not permitted to break a promise that was made at her birth , even if she does not like or indeed love her intended husband .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	43	Our Organization needs the determined support of its Member States and international cooperation , because no one can say that we are immune to the attacks of international terrorism , as facts have shown . But the fight against terrorism must proceed in keeping with the principle of safeguarding and respecting individual freedom , human rights and the rule of law , principles that are unknown to or have been rejected by terrorist groups . We remain faithful to those principles , which will help us defeat international terrorism .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	49	UNIDO should pursue the transfer of environmentally sound technologies through GEF and multilateral environmental agreements . The EU encouraged UNIDO to continue to focus on the dissemination of strategies and technologies for sustainable development and the elaboration of international norms and standards in the field of the environment in keeping with the special emphasis given to environmental issues in the Millennium Declaration . The EU looked forward to the European Preparatory Meeting on the Global Biotechnology Forum to be held in Chile in March 2004 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	29	The prevailing climate of impunity is a major obstacle to long-lasting social reconciliation and political stability . It is imperative to establish the truth and achieve accountability , in keeping with international human rights standards . Portugal recalls the responsibility of the international community and of the Security Council in relation to Timor-Leste .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	12	Responses In responding to refugee situations , UNHCR was called upon to keep protection as its primary goal ; considerable support was voiced for strengthening the institution of asylum . The 1951 Convention and 1967 Protocol were referred to as the cornerstone of international protection .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	52	At its 13th meeting , on 20 July 2000 , the Special Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly that the Committee continue to be represented at seminars , meetings and conferences organized by United Nations bodies and other intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations active in the field of decolonization . In keeping with its decision of 18 February 2000 , the Committee would authorize its Chairman to hold consultations , as appropriate , concerning its participation in those meetings , as well as the level of representation , when accepting invitations . In accordance with established practice and on the basis of the principle of rotation , the Chairman would hold consultations with the Bureau members who , in turn , would consult with the members of the Committee from their respective regional groups .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	60	On behalf of the President of the Economic and Social Council , I should like sincerely to thank the Assembly and to express our gratitude to it for this decision . The Assembly will recall that last year the heads of State or Government welcomed the renewed dynamism of the Economic and Social Council , which is much more in keeping with the mandate entrusted to it under the Charter . The Assembly 's decision to give due consideration to our report is indeed deeply appreciated by our heads of State .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	29	The Secretary-General 's report and the Security Council open debate were carried globally , thanks to the Department 's radio , television , print and online coverage . In keeping with the General Assembly 's designation of Africa as a United Nations development priority , the Department redoubled its efforts to ensure that the activities of the Organization , African Governments and their partners in other countries received maximum exposure in the global media . A comprehensive system-wide information strategy was presented by the Special Adviser on Africa to the members of the United Nations Communications Group at its annual meeting , held in Nairobi in June .
keep%2:35:10::	keep.v	31	The Special Rapporteur also denounces the serious violations of medical neutrality brought to his attention since the establishment of the mandate . Late in 2007 , two health workers were reportedly kept by the State Peace and Development Council and the community that the doctors were servicing had to pay for their release . One doctor in charge of a clinic was allegedly killed by soldiers of the State Peace and Development Council in October 2007 near Bu Thaw Plaw clinic .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	123	Recalls that in paragraph 9 of its resolution 55/231 , the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to ensure that , in presenting the programme budget , expected accomplishments and , where possible , indicators of achievement are included to measure achievements in the implementation of the programmes of the Organization and not those of individual Member States ; Notes that some indicators of achievement reflected in the budgets and budget performance reports appear to measure the performance of Member States , and requests the Secretary-General to ensure that the purpose of the indicators of achievement is not to assess the performance of Member States but , where possible , to reflect the contributions by peacekeeping missions to the expected accomplishments and objectives in keeping with their respective mandates ; Requests the Secretary-General to submit his future budget proposals in full compliance with its resolution 55/231 ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	116	This summit showed that a new political process is emerging in the life of the vast Asian continent , in the form of the CICA forum , whose vocation it is to expand the potential for multilateral dialogue among Asian countries and for their interaction as equals , with a view to strengthening security and stability and developing a climate of trust and cooperation . Any regional security system based on the principles of guaranteed territorial integrity , respect for the sovereignty of States members of the process and non-interference in internal affairs , as well as on the understanding that the negotiating process is the sole basis for settling conflicts and crises , is in keeping with the fundamental principles of global security . It is precisely these principles that are reflected in the adoption of the Almaty Act and the summit 's declaration on the eradication of terrorism and the promotion of dialogue among civilizations , which we intend to circulate as official documents of the Conference on Disarmament .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	31	The quest for peace and stability is not only the concern of professional politicians . Of course , it is important that politicians work tirelessly to develop arrangements that are in keeping with the national interest and that they avoid any radicalization of their political positions in order to give peace a chance . This is the behaviour Central African politicians have exhibited and it explains to a large extent the peaceful outcome of the consensus-based transitional process and the successful electoral process .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	60	The United Nations Office at Geneva explained that there were no United Nations rules and regulations concerning restrictions on the length of time that specialized staff might occupy positions in their areas of expertise . However , the Board is of the view that the periodic rotation of staff responsible for procurement services is good internal control and is in keeping with best practice . The Administration agreed with the Board 's recommendation that it develop and implement guidelines for the periodic rotation of staff responsible for procurement activities .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	53	We are convinced that ending the embargo and normalizing United States-Cuban relations overall would help improve Cuba 's situation , and help it to become more engaged in international and regional processes . Russia believes that any continuation of the United States trade , economic and financial blockade against Cuba is not in keeping with the spirit of the time and does not promote modern international relations . Moreover , such a continuation is simply a relic of the cold war era and its legacy of ideological confrontation .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	61	Large numbers of people in developing countries , however , are engaged in social and welfare services under local government administration in such fields as health , education and other welfare services for the infirm , older persons and people with disabilities . Economic cut backs in some of the poorest countries have seen voluntary associations and individual volunteers help to keep schools , clinics and day-care centres open . In addition , democratic processes in some countries have given rise to the formation of national consultative groups , which usually operate on a voluntary basis .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	32	The lessons of history led General de Gaulle to make this crucial choice . Throughout these years , the French nuclear forces have ensured our country 's defence and greatly helped to keep the peace . Today , they remain silently watchful , so that we can live in a land of freedom which is master of its future and its destiny .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	21	Requests the Rapporteur to report to the Special Committee in 2007 on the implementation of the present resolution ; Decides to keep the question of Puerto Rico under continuous review . Meeting of the States Parties to the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination Twentieth meeting
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	48	That is one of Russia 's guiding objectives in the fulfilment of its own obligations and in its efforts to ensure compliance by its partners . However , the draft resolution is replete with provisions that open the way for arbitrary interpretations that may not necessarily be in keeping with the goals of non-proliferation and disarmament . We believe that claims of non-compliance that are not substantiated by facts are too serious to be formally recorded in a resolution of the General Assembly , for it is difficult to give credence to anonymous accusations .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	37	Mr. Hackett ( Barbados ) : I am taking the floor to speak in support of the recommendation of the General Committee contained in paragraph 58 of its report ( A/62/250 ) . The recommendation is in keeping with the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations as well as with General Assembly resolution 2758 ( XXVI ) , and it reflects the will of the overwhelming majority of Member States . Given the fact that the majority of the world 's nations recognize and adhere to the principle of one China , to which Barbados fully subscribes , Barbados is of the view that there should be no need for the General Assembly to debate the Taiwan issue at every session of the Assembly .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	44	The international community can and should assist , but it is the host country that bears the responsibility for finding solutions that will last . We need an open and honest discussion on how we in the international community can work together to better keep the promises we make to those in need , and how we can make peacekeeping deliver more at a time when so much is called for . Norway looks forward to being an active participant in that process and to continuing the dialogue .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	48	The Working Group considered draft recommendations relating to four communications prepared by the respective case rapporteurs and reviewed the status of four other communications , including one that had been registered intersessionally . The Working Group discussed the issue of follow-up to views on communications. It agreed to keep under review the question of follow-up to views . The Working Group took the following actions :
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	40	Cognizant that poverty and economic difficulties prevented some Member States from paying their contributions in full , Kuwait had decided in 1990 to cancel all interest on the debts owed by the least developed countries . That decision was in keeping with the initiative proposed in 1988 by Kuwait 's deceased Emir , Sheikh Jaber Al-Ahmad Al-Jaber Al-Sabah , in which he had called upon the international community to deal with the debt problem faced by developing States . As a continuation of those policies and in keeping with its belief in collective action to promote development in those States , Kuwait had paid out more than $ 1 billion over the last few years to mitigate the consequences of natural disasters .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	42	There is a clear and urgent need to close the gap in financial resources required for countries to attain the Millennium Development Goals . The Secretary-General , in his statement last Friday , has urged Governments to take the necessary measures to keep the promises made in the Millennium Declaration . While domestic action needs to be taken individually by Member States , we should continue to deliberate in this body and other organs and agencies of the United Nations on ways and means to bring to fruition the goals set by the Millennium Summit .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	29	In such cases , criminal proceedings have been instituted . Some of the documents were destroyed in the 1999 North Atlantic Treaty Organization air strikes , since most were kept in military and police facilities that were exposed to severe fire . We have to bear in mind that some requests for documents are not entirely precise and that the Office of the Prosecutor should provide additional clarification .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	13	The report by the GTOS secretariat is contained in document FCCC/SBSTA/2007/MISC.6 . In keeping with the recommendation of the SBI at its twenty-fourth session that the topics under the research and systematic observation item be differentiated and considered by the SBSTA on an alternating basis , the SBSTA will consider this document its twenty-seventh session , when it addresses matters related to systematic observation . Action : The SBSTA will be invited to consider the information provided and to identify possible further actions to facilitate implementation of decision 9/CP.11 , including exploring how a more effective dialogue between Parties and the regional and international climate change research programmes on the research needs of the Convention may be facilitated by the SBSTA .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	43	Indeed , the credibility of the Organization will be tested by our ability to continue to work in unity with purpose to meet the expectations of millions of people around the world . The promises that the United Nations has made should be kept . As he prepares to assume his responsibilities and duties , I would appeal to all members once again to extend to him their utmost support and cooperation .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	86	The article in question is invoked by the bodies which conduct initial inquiries and falls within the competence of the public order militia . Under the law of the Russian Federation , persons who , when crossing the State border of the Russian Federation , are found to be holding false papers or papers belonging to another person are liable to prosecution for illegally crossing the State border of the Russian Federation , and the false papers or papers belonging to another person are confiscated and kept as material evidence for a prosecution . This offence is established by article 322 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation ; the penalties established for offenders are a fine or imprisonment for up to five years .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	51	I would now like to consider the African Union , which is the most interesting political reality of the African continent . As I said last year in my addresses to the Addis Ababa Summit in January and to the Security Council meeting on Africa in September , we have to keep working and to step up our efforts . As I see it , the African Union can make ever-greater progress if its follows the best practices of comparable political and institutional realities .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	42	In 2004 , the Government abolished the need for visas to leave Turkmenistan , and cancelled earlier limitations on the freedom of movement within the territories of the State . On the rights of displaced persons and refugees in Turkmenistan , in keeping with a presidential decree of August 2005 , unprecedented measures have been adopted for more than 13 , 000 refugees , who have received citizenship . In addition , in August 2005 , the President granted 3 , 500 refugees permanent residence .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	32	The founding members are those who participated in the first International NGO Conference on Discrimination against Indigenous Populations in the Americas , held at the Palais des Nations in 1977 . In keeping with the principle of democracy , any person , whether of Indian origin or not , as well as any indigenous community ( Ayllus ) may become a full member individually or as a group , on the sole condition that they observe and apply the principles and purposes specified in these by-laws and pay their annual membership fee . Each member , whether an individual or a group , as defined in paragraph 1 above , may freely exercise the right to vote in any election or consultation and to be a candidate for any position on the Board .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	59	Latvia had a large proportion of women in local authorities and should build on this in improving the number in Parliament and in the executive branch , since a pool of educated women was available . Special temporary measures would be a way to achieve this and , if used in a timely fashion , would be effective at keeping the issue on the agenda . It was important to have women decision makers at the national level , just as it was important to have them in the private sector ; information on that subject , disaggregated for the two sectors , would be welcome in the next report .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	95	In addition , the coordination mechanism between the Ministry of Social Affairs and Labour and COCA sends lists of associations and institutions ( including charitable associations ) to the office of the head of COCA and to the department in charge of the examination and auditing of the accounts of cooperative and non-governmental units in order for those lists to be included in the yearly plans of COCA with a view to putting an end to any deviations from the stated purposes of such associations . Non-governmental associations and institutions in Yemen , moreover , keep financial and accounting books and records and in many of them there are independent financial units that manage financial tasks and an elected financial officer who oversees financial activities . The Government assists in the training of such financial units .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	70	To refer the Kuwait proposal for the comprehensive payment of all outstanding claims to a future informal meeting of the Governing Council with a view to taking a decision at the December session of the Council . To request the secretariat to provide status updates on the issue of potential duplicate awards in categories A and C for the Working Group 's continued consideration at its future meetings and to keep it on the agenda for the next Governing Council session ; and that the request by the secretariat be approved for the extension of five staff members to 31 December 2005 to provide support to the forensic accountant experts and to implement any recommendations that may be made concerning potential duplicate awards . To refer the issue of the post-2007 phase-out of Commission activities in the light of information notes prepared by the secretariat dated 11 November 2004 and 31 August 2005 , and further information provided by the secretariat , to an informal meeting of the Working Group of the Governing Council for further consideration , to keep it on the agenda of the Governing Council , and to take note of the Executive Secretary 's intention to submit a further information note on this issue for the Council 's consideration in advance of the December session .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	45	Reiterates its firm support for the mission of good offices of the Secretary-General in order to assist the parties in complying with the request made by the General Assembly in its resolutions on the question of the Falkland Islands ( Malvinas ) ; Decides to keep under review the question of the Falkland Islands ( Malvinas ) subject to the directives that the General Assembly has issued and may issue in that regard . COMPILATION OF GUIDELINES ON THE FORM AND CONTENT OF REPORTS TO BE SUBMITTED BY STATES PARTIES TO THE INTERNATIONAL HUMAN RIGHTS TREATIES
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	51	Secondly , a restructuring of the army and of the police could be considered , in order to ensure that they are of a multi-ethnic character . When the United Nations Mission in Sierra Leone ( UNAMSIL ) gradually withdraws , it must do so in a manner that is in keeping with the capacity of the Sierra Leonean army and police to take over and to guarantee security in the country . A hasty withdrawal of UNAMSIL today on the basis of what has been achieved to date is not something that we would advise .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	39	That is a crucial factor if we are to foster an atmosphere of security for the country 's population and guarantee stability throughout the national territory . That is why Mexico welcomes the fact that such training is in keeping with the objectives set by the Mission . Likewise , my country is pleased to have been able to contribute to the strengthening of the Haitian Police through anti-kidnapping training programmes .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	27	Mr. PARK Hae-Yun ( Republic of Korea ) felt that it was risky to request the Secretariat to mobilize additional resources . The original text should be kept Mr. REZVANIAN RAHAGH ( Islamic Republic of Iran ) said that his delegation maintained its proposal to insert the words “ new and additional ” It wanted to be sure that other regional programmes were not negatively affected and that existing financial resources were not used for the proposed programme Perhaps the words “ to strive to ” could be inserted in the first line before the words “ identify and mobilize ” .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	75	Developed countries must take the lead in changing production and consumption patterns : in an approach to the development and transfer of environmentally sound technology to developing countries on a preferential basis ; in their level of commitment and support to fight against desertification and land degradation ; and in the resources to be devoted to the management of waste and in the change towards the promotion of a culture of recycling . We must keep on pressing for the development and adoption of strategies that mitigate , and build resilience to , the impact of climate change . I have spoken thus far on development issues .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	50	We acknowledge that realizing the rights of girls and women means fulfilling all promises and commitments that have been made over the past decade . And if promises by the international community are to be treated seriously by future generations , then all such promises and commitments need to be kept by the governments of today . IPPF is willing to play its role .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	45	In New York , some organizations , such as FAO and UNESCO , have given an explicitly regional status to their New York LOs , with mention of “ Greater New York ” or North America . Some other agencies made a different choice , keeping two offices in New York and Washington ( FAO , WFP , WHO and the World Intellectual Property Organization ( WIPO ) ) and , concerning Europe , in Geneva and Brussels ( FAO , the United Nations Human Settlements Programme ( UN-HABITAT ) , UNIDO and WFP ) and even opening a third office in Copenhagen ( UNDP , UNFPA and WFP ) with the main purpose of fund-raising . UNEP split its own regional office for North America into two offices : the liaison function was kept in New York and the regional office moved to Washington in 1999-2000 .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	26	Persons born abroad to foreign parents who are naturalized in Ecuador while they are minors . On reaching the age of 18 years , they shall keep their Ecuadorian citizenship if they do not expressly renounce it . Residents of foreign territory in the border areas who can prove that they belong to the same ancestral Ecuadorian village , subject to the relevant international conventions and treaties , and who expressly indicate their wish to be Ecuadorian .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	32	I also wish to welcome the presence among us of Mr. Zahir Tanin , Permanent Representative of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan , and to thank him for his statement . In keeping with his advice , I shall be cautious when speaking about Afghanistan . This meeting is taking place at a time when , as the Special Representative of the Secretary-General has pointed out , the situation in Afghanistan is characterized by a serious deterioration .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	77	( c ) To continue to consult with regional leaders , in coordination with the Interim President of the African Union , in order to convene , when appropriate , an international conference on peace , security and development in Central Africa and in the Great Lakes region , under the auspices of the United Nations and the African Union , to address the problems of the region in a comprehensive manner ; ( d ) To keep under review the economic situation in the Democratic Republic of the Congo with a view to promoting participation in and support for a programme of financial and material assistance to the country to enable it to meet its urgent needs in terms of economic recovery and reconstruction ; ( e ) To submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session a report on the actions taken pursuant to the present resolution .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	39	From October 1980 to 13 September 1996 , Topalian and others kept the explosives , blasting caps and self-detonating explosive device in the said storage unit . In the summer of 1976 , Topalian also acquired two machine-guns and kept them in the same storage unit from October 1980 to 13 September 1996 . The explosive material used in the United Nations Plaza bombing was linked to the explosive material stored by Topalian and his operatives in Bedford , Ohio .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	34	The United Nations Children 's Fund ( UNICEF ) also saw a significant increase in funding , from $ 2.9 billion in 2007 to $ 3.4 billion ( 14 per cent ) . In keeping with its mandate , UNFPA concentrated its efforts on population activities as they relate to women and children with an emphasis on the disenfranchised . UNFPA spent $ 554 million in 2008 , an increase of approximately 16 per cent over the $ 477.8 million spent in 2007 .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	41	The non-provision for delays in the collection of assessed contributions was raised in the Board 's previous report , in which it presented the issue as an emphasis of matter in its audit opinion . The Board recommends that the Administration keep this matter under review . Unliquidated obligations
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	73	Calls upon the Commission on Human Rights to draw the attention of the Counter-Terrorism Committee of the Security Council to the need to include the question of respect for human rights in the study of measures taken by States in the fight against terrorism and the Commission itself to pay particular attention to the compatibility with human rights law of national and international measures adopted or applied to combat terrorism ; Decides to keep the matter before it at its fifty-fifth session . [ Adopted without a vote .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	88	Brazil specifically noted the State 's recognition of the importance of setting up , as early as possible , a national commission for human rights and a human rights office in the country , and called on the international community to consider technical assistance and financial support in building such institutions as well as in providing human rights education programmes and awareness-raising activities . In the spirit of the upcoming Review Conference on racism , racial discrimination , xenophobia and related intolerance , Brazil recommended that the Government keep working with OHCHR on this theme as they enter the final phase of the preparatory process for the Conference . Brazil recommended that the Government work towards accomplishing the human rights goals set by the Council in its resolution 9/12 and also towards strengthening its public policy to guarantee the rights of the child , with special attention to children without parental care .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	26	The Board will continue to review appendix B and amend it , as necessary , at least once a year . The Board will continue to keep issues relating to small-scale CDM project activities under review and provide clarifications and guidance as necessary . Matters relating to the registration of clean development mechanism project activities Mandate and background
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	36	Perhaps under the guidance of this Nazi principle one could , as Eichmann declared , feel personally friendly toward the Jews and still be their murderer . Not through fear of disobeying orders , as Eichmann kept trying to explain , but through a peculiar giddiness that began in a half acceptance of the vicious absurdities contained in the Nazi interpretation of history and grew with each of Hitler 's victories into a permanent light mindedness and sense of magical rightness that was able to respond to any proposal , and the more outrageous the better , `` Well , let 's try it '' . At any rate , the substance of Eichmann 's testimony was that all his actions flowed from his membership in the party and the SS , and though the Prosecutor did his utmost to prove actual personal hatred of Jews , his success on this score was doubtful and the anti-Semitic lesson weakened to that extent .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	34	Heavy coated , severe looking policemen sat astride noble horses along the curbside to prevent the revellers from spilling out in front of the crawling traffic . The night was cold but the crowd kept one warm . The giant electric signs and marquees were lit up for the first time since blackout regulations had been instituted , and the atmosphere was alive with the feeling that victory was just around the corner .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	22	The Committee adopted decision POPRC-1/3 on pentabromodiphenyl ether , contained in annex I to the present report . The Committee agreed to keep under review the issue of the exact identification of the substance . B. Chlordecone
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	43	UNOMB has destroyed most of the 2 , 014 weapons originally placed in containers in accordance with the weapons disposal plan . It is working now , through community leaders , to persuade former combatants to destroy the remaining weapons , which are kept in secure storage , and UNOMB is optimistic that the issue of weapons disposal will be positively resolved before the election . To this end , UNOMB will maintain close consultations with both the national Government and the Bougainville parties .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	23	As is well known , Mexico has always upheld the necessity of achieving general and complete disarmament under effective international control . In keeping with that position , Mexico addresses an appeal to Iraq to accept , by actions , the inspection activities in order to ensure the destruction , removal or neutralization under international supervision of all chemical , biological and nuclear weapons that it may have under its control . We are convinced that the acceptance by the Government of Iraq of the return of inspectors to its national territory , unconditionally , immediately and without restriction , constitutes a first step towards restoring confidence between the United Nations and that country , in addition to its fully complying with its international obligations with respect to disarmament and renunciation of the use of weapons of mass destruction .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	92	Such activities are prohibited by law and are serious crimes , so that the judicial authorities may take the measures necessary to prevent them and may freeze any funds associated with them or take possession of them , prevent their use or even confiscate them . In implementation of the provisions of the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism , which it signed in New York on 13 November 2001 , the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya will take the measures it deems appropriate and will enact supplementary legislation in keeping with the obligations imposed by the Convention and by the resolutions adopted by the Security Council in this regard , most recently its resolution 1373 ( 2001 ) . Paragraph 2 ( a ) of the resolution : legislation and measures in place to give effect to the requirement to refrain from providing support to those involved in terrorist acts , including the recruitment of terrorist groups and the supply of weapons to terrorists
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	37	Introduction This report is submitted pursuant to the request of the Security Council contained in a statement made by its President on 26 September 2001 ( S/PRST/2001/25 ) in which the Council requested me to continue to keep it regularly informed of the activities of the United Nations Peace-Building Support Office in the Central African Republic ( BONUCA ) and the situation in that country . The present report covers the activities of BONUCA and new developments in the Central African Republic in the political , security , military , social and economic spheres since my last report dated 2 January 2002 ( S/2002/12 ) .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	24	We 've never been refused ! Once settled , we 're careful to walk the dogs in an out of the way spot , keep them under control in the room , and feed and bench them where they can n't do any harm to the furnishings or the furniture . In the morning we leave the room looking as neat as a pin !
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	13	Social responsibility : keeping records Embracing the social dimension implies making observations , keeping track and conducting evaluations on progress at all levels , including the workplace . Trade unions offer their summary evaluation of : ( a ) corporate social responsibility ; ( b ) trade union social responsibility ; and ( c ) government social responsibility .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	17	Rule 41 Sound recordings of meetings of the Conference and of all committees shall be made and kept in accordance with the practice of the United Nations . Unless otherwise decided , no such recordings shall be made of the meetings of any other appropriate body established under rule 34 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	7	Canadian efforts to protect war-affected children In keeping with its human security agenda 's focus on children , Canada hosted the International Conference on War-Affected Children ( Winnipeg , September 2000 ) . Participants formulated an international plan of action to address the growing problem of children affected by armed conflict .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	110	The Frente POLISARIO rejected the Moroccan proposal and reiterated that it would cooperate and adhere to any dialogue that would be within the framework of the settlement plan . At the conclusion of those consultations , my Personal Envoy was of the view , which I shared , that further meetings of the parties to seek a political solution could not succeed , and indeed could be counterproductive , unless the Government of Morocco as administrative power in Western Sahara was prepared to offer or support some devolution of governmental authority , for all inhabitants and former inhabitants of the Territory , that would be genuine , substantial and in keeping with international norms . It was almost six months later , during the spring of 2001 , that my Personal Envoy was able to determine that Morocco as administrative power in Western Sahara was prepared to support a draft framework agreement ( S/2001/613 , annex I ) on the status of Western Sahara which envisaged a devolution of authority to the inhabitants of the Territory with final status to be determined by a referendum five years later .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	50	Within the context of issues relating to the expansion of the scope of the Register , the Group considered the issue of including data on military holdings and procurement through national production . The General Assembly endorsed the report11 of the Group and its recommendations.12 The Assembly also decided to keep the scope of and participation in the Register under review and , to that end , requested Member States to provide the Secretary-General with their views on the continuing operation and further development of the Register and on transparency measures related to weapons of mass destruction . The General Assembly also requested the Secretary-General to implement the recommendations contained in the report of the Group .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	13	In the opinion of the Advisory Committee , this is excessive . In keeping with the original intent for these types of projects , overhead costs should , in any case , be kept to a minimum ; to this end , the Committee requests that the number and level of posts in the Quick Impact Projects Unit be reviewed . In addition , efforts should be made to identify implementing partners , including locally , in order to share the burden of the costs of administering the projects .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	33	In sum , despite its scale and success in sustaining millions and saving literally hundreds of thousands of lives , the Darfur humanitarian operation is increasingly fragile . The agencies and the people keeping it going are under growing pressure from the factors I have described . Morale is low .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	57	States parties should explain the reason for , and effect of , any reservations to articles 7 or 8 and indicate where the reservations reflect traditional , customary or stereotyped attitudes towards women 's roles in society , as well as the steps being taken by the States parties to change those attitudes . States parties should keep the necessity for such reservations under close review and in their reports include a timetable for their removal . Article 7
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	25	Council members expressed the view that meaningful steps in the field would be useful to back this diplomatic process . “ The Council continues to keep the evolving situation in the Middle East , including the Palestinian question , under active review through monthly briefings , open meetings and informal consultations . During these meetings , the Council members reiterate their support for a just and comprehensive settlement in the Middle East based on Security Council resolutions 242 ( 1967 ) , 338 ( 1973 ) , 1397 ( 2002 ) and 1515 ( 2003 ) , the outcome of the Madrid Conference , the principle of land for peace , the previous agreements reached by the parties , and the Arab Peace Initiative , reaffirmed at the League of Arab States Summit in Riyadh. ”
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	94	Paragraph ( 1 ) Following the presentation of the request to have the pregnancy terminated , the official , with full respect to the feelings and the dignity of the expectant woman , preferably in the presence of the father of the foetus , and for the sake of keeping the foetus , informs her - or the representative at court in cases provided by 8 Paragraph ( 3 ) - of the following : a ) cash and in-kind assistance from public and non-public resources available in the event that they decide to keep the child ; b ) the existence of organisations and institutions that can provide moral/spiritual and financial assistance if she decides to keep the baby ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	21	Attempts are also under way to enact legislation to regulate foreign workers in order to ensure their full rights . In keeping with our commitments under relevant bilateral and international agreements , we are also increasing our efforts to combat human trafficking and to provide protection and all the necessary support for its victims . With regard to the environment , the United Arab Emirates attaches great importance to environmental issues .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	62	The Special Rapporteur urges States to take into account the contents of General Comment No. 15 and , in accordance with resolution 2002/21 , to give full effect to housing rights including the right to water , giving particular attention to the individuals , most often women and children , and communities living in extreme poverty . He urges States , in keeping with their obligations as spelled out in the General Comment , to step back from the expansion of any agreements , such as GATS , that leads to the entry of large corporations in the provision and the privatization of civic services essential for the realization of the right to adequate housing and other rights . He will continue to work on the impact of privatization , as requested by CRC , and highlight this issue in his next report which will focus on children and housing rights .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	91	Therefore , this policy contributes to improving the quality of life and ensures that the increase in population is stable and proportionate to the level of socio-economic development . Article 14 of the Family Law mentions on spouses ' right to engage in activities that “ the husband and wife have the right to engage in political , economic , cultural and social activities. ” Article 15 states that “ the husband and wife have the right to choose either the husband 's or the wife 's family name or to keep their respective original family names. ” Article 31 also stipulates that “ parents have the right to choose their children 's names according to their preferences and upon mutual agreement . The children 's family name shall be the same as their parents if the latter bear the same family name .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	50	We welcome regular reviews of this sort , which are in line with the approach and the principles captured in the presidential statement adopted by the Council at last month 's debate on peacekeeping ( S/PRST/2009/24 ) . We encourage the Special Representative and the Force Commander to continue to keep MINUSTAH 's force levels and posture under close review in order to ensure the most efficient and effective use of scarce peacekeeping resources . Our goal is to create the conditions in which Haiti can take responsibility for its own security , thus enabling the United Nations peacekeeping mission to complete its task .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	48	As emphasized by the Secretary-General in his report , among the most important political elements in these past six months has been the fact that more and more Timorese want independence for their country before the end of 2001 . The will of the Timorese people is in keeping with the aim of the international community , clearly stated in resolution 1272 ( 1999 ) : to lead East Timor to independence in a period of two or three years . That is why my delegation , while supporting the actions carried out within the context of political transition by UNTAET and the National Council , asks them to comply with the political timetable , which will ultimately lead to the establishment of republican institutions .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	17	The IMSMA project to continue developing its modules and activities , especially the training modules . To keep updating information tools ( GICHD , UNMAS , ICBL , etc. ) and make them available by Internet and other means . The UN to coordinate with stakeholders in the preparation of the upcoming five-year strategic plan for Mine Action .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	29	Recommendation 4 To improve arrangements for the hiring and utilization of temporary staff in accordance with United Nations regulations and rules , and to ensure that their number is kept to the minimum required to support OTP activity : ( a ) ICTY OTP should develop criteria and procedures for determining the number of GTA staff required in relation to overall staff requirements ;
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	113	Welcomes the important progress attained in the elaboration of the draft comprehensive convention on international terrorism during the meetings of the Ad Hoc Committee established by General Assembly resolution 51/210 of 17 December 1996 and the Working Group of the Sixth Committee established pursuant to General Assembly resolution 57/27 ; Decides that the Ad Hoc Committee shall continue to elaborate a draft comprehensive convention on international terrorism , shall continue its efforts to resolve the outstanding issues relating to the elaboration of a draft international convention for the suppression of acts of nuclear terrorism as a means of further developing a comprehensive legal framework of conventions dealing with international terrorism , and shall keep on its agenda the question of convening a high-level conference under the auspices of the United Nations to formulate a joint organized response of the international community to terrorism in all its forms and manifestations ; Requests the Secretary-General to continue to provide the Ad Hoc Committee with the necessary facilities for the performance of its work ;
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	14	The Security Council has the responsibility of reviewing this practice . We can not keep sending Blue Helmets to areas of conflict as a sign of hope for civil society , when the truth is that perhaps they do not represent the best way to achieve peace . If a mission 's mandate is not stated clearly , with enough human , economic and logistical resources to ensure its success , it is better not to create such a mission .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	59	Constant threats and challenges , having no respect for the United Nations sixtieth anniversary , continued to challenge the durability of the system of international peace and security guarded by the Organization , more than ever requiring urgent and resolute action by the Security Council . How , then , did the body entrusted with the primary responsibility to keep the peace address those challenges during that period ? Let me try to answer that question , which I believe is of the utmost importance for all of us .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	35	The delegation expressed regret that important observations made by delegations in that regard were not reflected in the proposal . The delegation questioned why only the article regarding so-called “ unrestricted access ” had been kept in the proposal whereas the other important issues that had been discussed at prior sessions were not included . The delegation reiterated that agreement could be reached by more concrete discussions based on a concrete text .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	18	• To harness the active support of the regional commissions and the regional development banks ; • To keep the financing for development process on the agenda of the intergovernmental bodies of all main stakeholders , including all United Nations funds , programmes and agencies , including the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development . We recognize the link between financing of development and attaining internationally agreed development goals and objectives , including those contained in the Millennium Declaration , in measuring development progress and helping to guide development priorities .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	48	In that regard , it welcomed the recommendation of the Advisory Committee regarding overall management of the staffing table , as it would enable the Secretary-General to ensure that the table reflected gender equality and geographical distribution . However , his delegation was concerned at the tendency to keep posts vacant in order to save money and believed that the recruitment process should be accelerated with a view to filling those posts . Results-based budgeting was the best way to ensure the efficient administrative and financial functioning of the Organization .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	3	General Decides to keep the item entitled “ Elimination of racism and racial discrimination ” on its agenda and to consider it as a matter of high priority at its fifty-seventh session . E/CN.4/2001/21 and Corr.1 .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	37	Recalling also the role played by the International Committee of the Red Cross in the elaboration of the Convention and the Protocols thereto , Recalling that the States parties at the Review Conference declared their commitment to keeping the provisions of Protocol II under review in order to ensure that the concerns regarding the weapons it covers are addressed , and that they would encourage efforts on the United Nations and other organizations to address all problems of landmines , Commending the efforts of the Secretary-General and the President of the Annual Conference towards the promotion of the goal of universality of amended Protocol II ,
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	56	The Labour Protection Act lays down the legal basis for guaranteeing a safe working environment for everyone involved in employment relations . It also determines the organizational basis of labour protection depending on the social , economic and technical development of the society , for supervisory bodies and methods , as well as for investigating and keeping records of occupational accidents and work-related health hazards . Article 7 stipulates that in designing , building or renovating a working environment for women , juvenile workers and persons with a physical or mental disability , special requirements in the conditions of work and mobility of those persons must be taken into account .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	78	Actually , the officers on the ground had no intention of letting the hijackers get away with any kind of an airplane ; they had orders to that effect straight from President Kennedy , who thought at first , as did most others , that it was four followers of Cuba 's Fidel Castro who had taken over the 707 . Mr. Kennedy had been informed early in the day of the attempt to steal the plane , kept in touch throughout by telephone . At one time , while still under the impression that he was dealing with a Cuban plot , the President talked about invoking a total embargo on trade with Cuba .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	69	However , the well-being of the world 's children — that is , the protection , fulfilment , promotion of and respect for the rights of each child , established in the Convention on the Rights of the Child — remains the responsibility of adults and therefore the prime task of world Governments . Therefore , we all must continue to work very hard to make sure that we keep the promises we are now making to our children . The Acting President : The Assembly will now hear a statement by Her Excellency Mrs. Goretti Nduwimana , Minister for Social Affairs and Advancement for Women of Burundi .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	45	Additionally , the Special Committee took into consideration the relevant documents of other intergovernmental bodies concerned , to which reference is made in the last preambular paragraph of resolution A/AC.109/2002/28 , adopted on 26 June 2002 . In 1994 , the Special Committee , in keeping with its consistent goal of limiting documentation and streamlining its report to the General Assembly , recommended to the Assembly that , in preparing the general working papers on the Territories , the Secretariat should , where applicable , incorporate under separate headings those sections relating to economic and other activities which affect the interests of the people of the Non-Self-Governing Territories and those on military activities and arrangements in those Territories . By adopting resolution 49/89 of 16 December 1994 , the Assembly approved , inter alia , that recommendation .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	30	Promoting measures to reduce poverty , address injustices , strengthen good governance and build tolerance are essential to that end , as well as for their own sake . To keep a genuinely global coalition against terrorism together the world will need to see progress on the other fronts of the struggle for a humane and just world order . Disarmament , including the eradication of weapons of mass destruction , remains a major priority for the international community .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	41	The General Assembly , Decides to review the position at the end of 2003 and , depending on the status of contributions and arrears , to determine all appropriate measures to remedy the situation , including adjustments of the ceiling in keeping with its resolution 52/215 A to D of 22 December 1997 ; Stresses that the reduction of the maximum assessment rate referred to in paragraph 1 of resolution B above shall apply to the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations and should have no automatic implication for the apportionment of the expenses of the specialized agencies or the International Atomic Energy Agency .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	77	The President : Before calling on the next speaker , I should like to request that representatives be good enough to move quietly through the aisles at the end of each statement , or even during statements , as they enter and leave the General Assembly Hall , so as not to disturb the speaker who has the floor . I rely on those present to cooperate in maintaining order and quiet in the Hall , in keeping with the dignity and decorum expected of members of the General Assembly . Ms. Ognjanovac ( Croatia ) : The Republic of Croatia has direct experience of the disastrous effects of mines and , therefore , attaches special importance to mine action assistance .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	29	When this has happened , the Commission will promptly consider how best to resume the demarcation process . As noted in its earlier reports , the Commission , in keeping with its commitment to continue its work in the manner foreseen in the Algiers Agreement , has maintained its presence in the area , but has reduced its activity to the minimum compatible with its being able to resume it as soon as it becomes possible for it to do so . The Commission has maintained its field offices in both capitals , but with reduced staff .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	75	In this regard , it is appropriate to reaffirm that speedy reform of the Security Council is an essential element in the overall endeavour to renew the United Nations so that it has broader representativity , is more efficient and transparent and sees its legitimacy strengthened in the implementation of its decisions . Clearly , the current situation of the international system , in particular the question of collective security , is no longer in keeping with the structures for the promotion and defence of international peace and security erected in 1945 . Therefore , as we have said before , a change in those structures is required so that they may reflect more objectively the new balances of power and the regional and international geopolitical reality .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	26	We accept that discriminatory advertisements are offensive and - in our Code of Practice - we specifically discourage it . But the matter needs to be kept in perspective . ( d ) South Asian residents who can not read , write or speak Chinese find it difficult to secure jobs .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	18	They must also fully abide by the resolutions of the Security Council . Kisangani must be demilitarized in keeping with resolution 1304 ( 2000 ) . In that regard , the Rassemblement congolais pour la démocratie ( RDC-G ) must meet the Council 's demands without precondition or delay .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	42	Studies and consultations on the problem of violence against women had begun and the Government intended to draft a bill on that subject which would incorporate the provisions of regional and international instruments on the protection of women 's rights . In keeping with its commitment to promote and protect women 's rights , Cameroon intended to create a women 's rights monitoring unit ; develop databases concerning discrimination and violence against women according to region , ethnic group and socio-professional milieu ; increase awareness of the provisions of the Convention at all levels of society ; continue legislative reform ; and strengthen the efforts of professional associations and non-governmental organizations in the fight against discrimination against women . General observations
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	130	Commends the important role the Special Rapporteur continues to play towards the elimination of extrajudicial , summary or arbitrary executions and encourages the Special Rapporteur to continue , within the mandate as defined in Commission resolution 2001/45 of 23 April 2001 , to collect information from all concerned , to respond effectively to reliable information that comes before her , to follow up on communications and country visits and to seek the views and comments of Governments and to reflect them as appropriate in the elaboration of her reports ; Strongly urges all States to cooperate with and assist the Special Rapporteur so that her mandate may be carried out effectively , including , where appropriate , by issuing invitations to the Special Rapporteur when she so requests , in keeping with the usual terms of reference for missions by special rapporteurs of the Commission on Human Rights and to respond to the communications transmitted to them by the Special Rapporteur ; Expresses its appreciation to those States that have invited the Special Rapporteur to visit their countries , asks them to examine carefully the recommendations made by the Special Rapporteur , invites them to report to the Special Rapporteur on the actions taken on those recommendations and requests other States , including those mentioned in the report of the Special Rapporteur , to cooperate in a similar way ;
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	52	Requests the Secretary-General to monitor the implementation rate of the projects , with a view to identifying those projects that are underperforming and the causes , and to submit proposals to correct this situation or to redeploy funds from such projects to those that are delivering results ; Decides to continue to keep the implementation of the Development Account under review , and requests the Secretary-General to submit a report on the subject to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session . Draft resolution III Proposed measures to improve the profitability of the commercial activities of the United Nations
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	40	The Assembly should now call for the full and urgent implementation of its recommendations . It is essential , in this respect , for an impartial monitoring mechanism to be quickly established on the ground , which would be in keeping with a follow-up to the Mitchell Report . It is also urgent and indispensable for the Security Council to deploy international observers as soon as possible in the occupied territories so as to ensure the protection of the Palestinian civilian population .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	49	Introduction The Committee welcomes with satisfaction the initial report of the State party and notes with gratification the meaningful dialogue that has been launched with Albania and the replies provided orally by its delegation . It nevertheless notes that the report , the overall presentation of which is in keeping with the Committee 's general guidelines , does not contain sufficient information on the practical implementation of the Convention . Noting that the initial report was submitted eight years after the ratification of the Convention , the Committee invites the State party to take due account , in the submission of its future reports , of the timetable provided for by the Convention .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	54	EMS could include ISO 14001 or equivalently certified management systems such as the European Eco-Management Audit Scheme ( EMAS ) or other similar programmes . The facility should operate in accordance with written procedures regarding operating methods for the plant and equipment , management system , control of site activities , measurement and record keeping , and implementation of site safety rules . The facility must comply with all applicable health and environmental regulations and be properly licensed by all appropriate governmental authorities .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	5	UNAMID headquarters operating capability In keeping with Security Council resolution 1769 ( 2007 ) , the initial operating capability for UNAMID headquarters is now established . As indicated in my earlier reports , the Joint Special Representative , the Deputy Joint Special Representative , the Force Commander , and the Deputy Force Commander are already in the mission .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	30	The total number of staff fluctuated from two in 1988 to four in 1994 with a high of six from 1991 to 1993 . Apparently , one position was also kept in New York from 1995 to 1998 in spite of the fact that the programme had been relocated to Geneva in 1994 . Total staff in Geneva started from a low full-time equivalent of .75 in 1994 , and reached a full-time equivalent of 6.5 persons in 1999 ( 2.5 on the regular budget , 2 extrabudgetary positions and 2 GS ) .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	57	The Commission is unaware of any developments during the period currently under review that would cause it to revise its conclusion that , until the positions of either or both of the parties are modified , there is nothing more that the Commission can do . As noted in its thirteenth report , the Commission , in keeping with its undertaking to continue its work , if the parties cooperate fully in the manner foreseen in the Algiers Agreement , is maintaining its presence in the area , but has reduced its activity to the minimum compatible with its being able to resume it , if and when the parties make it possible for the Commission to do so . The Commission is still maintaining its field offices in both capitals , but with reduced staff , but , having regard to the financial implications of delays in the demarcation process , it can not maintain a presence in the area indefinitely .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	161	Our commitment to revitalization of the General Assembly finds resonance not only in the universal call for change among the diplomatic and intellectual community , and not only in the more than 150 statements issued by our heads of State or Government or Foreign Ministers , who , from this very podium , pronounced on the need for reform and revitalization of our Organization , although that in itself is a clear mandate . The call for reform comes from the people of the world , who increasingly sense that we , who are charged with the task of representing their needs , have failed to make the United Nations a more effective instrument for pursuing the fight for development for all peoples of the world ; the fight against poverty , ignorance and disease ; the fight against injustice , violence , terror and crime ; and the fight against the degradation and destruction of our common home , in keeping with our commitments in the Millennium Declaration . This is a clear mandate .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	44	The independence of special procedures mandate-holders is the cornerstone of their integrity and nothing should be allowed to undermine that independence . At the same time , however , mandate-holders agree to discharge their functions and regulate their conduct in a manner totally in keeping with the objective of promoting and protecting human rights . In the case of the special procedures , the assumption of self-regulation is both appropriate and essential as long as it does not prejudice the observations and the neutrality of the mandate-holders .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	119	The Committee considers that , in the present case , the difference in the cut-off points for each ballot is linked to the issue being decided in each vote : the 20-year cut-off point - rather than 10 years as for the first ballot - is justified by the timeframe for self-determination , it being made clear that other ties are also taken into account for the final referendum ” ( ibid. , para . “ Noting that the length of residence criterion is not discriminatory , the Committee considers that , in the present case , the cut-off points set for the referendum of 1998 and referenda from 2014 onwards are not excessive inasmuch as they are in keeping with the nature and purpose of these ballots , namely a self-determination process involving the participation of persons able to prove sufficiently strong ties to the territory whose future is being decided . This being the case , these cut-off points do not appear to be disproportionate with respect to a decolonization process involving the participation of residents who , over and above their ethnic origin or political affiliation , have helped , and continue to help , build New Caledonia through their sufficiently strong ties to the territory ” ( ibid. , para .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	66	Acting under Chapter VII of the Charter of the United Nations , Reaffirms once again its support for the Peace Agreement , as well as for the Dayton Agreement on implementing the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina of 10 November 1995 ( S/1995/1021 , annex ) , calls upon the parties to comply strictly with their obligations under those Agreements , and expresses its intention to keep the implementation of the Peace Agreement , and the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina , under review ; Expresses its support for the declaration adopted by the Peace Implementation Council in Madrid on 16 December 1998 ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	55	It is stated in Article 24 , paragraph 2 , that “ the Security Council shall act in accordance with the purposes and principles of the United Nations ” . All of the actions of the Security Council without exception are therefore to be scrutinized in order to determine whether or not they are in keeping with the purposes and principles of the United Nations . The restrictions set forth in Article 1
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	25	To the regret of OHCHR , the documents did not take into account many of the comments made by the stakeholders consulted . OHCHR will keep monitoring the extension to which the sub-decree is implemented in accordance with the Land Law and will report its findings to the Government and development partners . In urban areas , and particularly in the capital , OHCHR pursued its effort with affected communities , government authorities , the municipality , private enterprises , United Nations agencies and interested donors to promote a process whereby evictions and relocations are legal , peaceful , negotiated and fairly compensated .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	24	We have pledged to attain the objective of allocating 0.7 per cent of our gross national product to official development assistance . We will keep our promise . But we are aware that development is not only a question of money ; first and foremost , it is a question of the effective use of resources .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	57	The mission also recommended that more flexibility be adopted in developing local-level linkages in order to enhance the benefits derived from HDI projects and to strengthen the linkages between the HDI projects , communities , and local township-level services . This would have a direct bearing on improving the cost-effectiveness and sustainability of the HDI projects while keeping within the framework of the Executive Board mandate . In the interest of the sustainability of HDI activities , the mission recommended that future phases of HDI should be extended beyond the current 30-month duration of each phase , established in accordance with the relevant Governing Council and Executive Board decisions .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	98	The projected storage needs for paper records for ICTR by 2010 is 2 , 336 shelf metres , while the Tribunal has estimated the total amount of digital storage requirements at 1 , 020 terabytes by 2010 ( which will require specific server rooms ) . Those estimates will need to be adjusted , as a records appraisal is ongoing to determine which records have permanent value and will therefore be considered as “ archives of the Tribunals ” and which have temporary value ; and , in the latter case , how long they need to be kept . ( b ) Values and users of the Tribunals ' records
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	53	Many challenges remained , however . The report of the Secretary-General on the work of the Organization ( A/61/1 ) had noted , for instance , the higher than average death rate during pregnancy and childbirth among women in developing countries , the missed goal of gender parity in education by 2005 in keeping with the Millennium Development Goals and the epidemic of violence against women . In the interest of the long-term goal of gender equality and the empowerment of women , such shortcomings must be addressed with urgency .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	55	As such , the Organization 's journal has covered in detail the proceedings of the 55th and 56th sessions of the Commission on Human Rights , and also of the 51st and 52nd sessions of the Sub-Commission on Prevention of Discrimination and Protection of Minorities held in 1999 and 2000 respectively . b ) In keeping with the importance attached by UN Commission for Sustainable Development to the study of mountain eco-cultural systems , the Organization brought out Special Issues on ( i ) Mongolia ( January-March 2001 ) to bring into focus the unique social , cultural and economic concerns of Mongolia , ( ii ) North East Indian Himalayas ( July-December 2002 ) highlight the specific developmental problems in this region , and ( iii ) Gender Perspectives ( July-December 2002 ) to highlight various issues confronting the women in Asia and the Himalayas in particular . iv ) Inspired by the UN resolutions on Mountains ; Culture of Peace ; Dialogue of Civilisation , Organization 's representatives have been taking active part in UN activities related to preservation of environment and mountain eco-cultural systems , sustainable development , children's/women 's issues , human rights education , UNESCO 's Silk Road Project etc .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	19	He guessed by their appearance that they were Rumanians . He walked toward the center of the city to keep his rendezvous with Styka . Of all the places in Poland , Andrei hated Lublin the most .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	40	On 4 April 1998 , the Court of Appeal of Nouakchott confirmed the order of dismissal of Mr. Fall 's case . The prosecutor then appealed for review before the Supreme Court against that ruling and Mr. Fall was still kept in detention . The Supreme Court , in a ruling on 13 April 1998 , annulled the decision of the Appeal Court for procedural irregularities and sent the case back to that same Court with a different composition .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	80	What is to be avoided - absolutely avoided - is silence , no action , no efforts to achieve a minimum of activity - not for the simple sake of moving , but with the intention of keeping a minimum dialogue and of avoiding tension . Although we are well aware that the achievement of a programme of work remains our main goal , the best solution today is - as we said - to pursue a minimum likely to keep the Conference on Disarmament alive . I am of the opinion that the pursuit of a minimum has been emerging during the past months and that the Conference could explore the possibility of consensus in some areas .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	24	The current preparatory session was the first opportunity to increase the effectiveness of the review process on the basis of that document . In keeping with its terms , the session should also assess the implications of the events of 11 September 2001 on the NPT process and should renew the commitment to nuclear arms control and to making the NPT regime more effective and resilient . States parties to the Treaty should express their views and concerns to the fullest extent possible .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	62	Equal sharing has been on the United Nations agenda for many years including the review theme for this year : the equal participation of women and men in decision-making processes at all levels , and yet the burden of care has rested most heavily on women . They receive no reward for their compassion and dedication , and their contributions help to keep national budgets in the black . Many caregivers volunteer in our child care centers , collecting orphaned children from school , making sure they are fed and helping with homework .
keep%2:31:00::	keep.v	13	Hariri telephone wiretapping According to a witness , ISF personnel were ordered to keep Mr. Hariri under surveillance at the end of January and beginning of February 2005 . No documentation on this topic has been found during the Commission 's investigation .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	88	In that spirit , we have submitted , in document A/59/898 , a proposal aimed at preventing such a situation during today 's election . For the purpose of these elections , we propose that , should a situation arise in which more than 27 candidates receive an absolute majority , we should not invalidate the results of the ballot but , rather , declare elected those who have received the highest number of votes , as we routinely do in many other elections and as is in keeping with the relevant provisions of the Statute . That proposal is particularly relevant today , since the low number of candidates makes it rather likely that such a situation might recur .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	37	She trusted that it would exercise caution and refrain from making any comment that might affect matters that were not before the Committee . Mr. Berti Oliva ( Cuba ) agreed that the Secretariat should , in keeping with the practice of the Committee , reply to a legitimate request from a Member State which related to the internal functioning of the Organization , while at the same time taking into account the need to ensure that its response did not interfere in a legal proceeding under way in a Member State . The Chairman said that due note had been taken of delegations ' comments and that the matter would be further discussed by the Bureau .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	138	Finally , a fresh and far-reaching reflection was urged on : ( a ) funding arrangements and alternative financing modalities ; ( b ) adequacy , stability and predictability of the volume and the quality of financial resources for United Nations activities ; and ( c ) achieving a more balanced ratio of core and non-core funding , with a view to ensuring a critical , assured mass of non-earmarked resources that would enable the system to provide credible and sustained support to countries for nationally owned Millennium Development Goals strategies over the long term . For United Nations system development cooperation to be effective , financing for it must be adequate , predictable and stable ( see sect. III below ) , and the system 's country-level support must be conceived within a unified framework , in keeping with the Millennium Declaration and the implementation of the Millennium Development Goals and other internationally agreed goals . It should also be fully integrated and harmonized with national development strategies , so that activities , country-level presence , structures , modalities and programming instruments are fully responsive to national priorities ( see sects. IV and V and related recommendations ) .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	46	In today 's world we have generations whose stolen childhoods can not be returned and for whom using guns to kill in the front line was a nightmare not a game . If we wish to experience a world where such experiences are only a memory kept alive in museums of past horror , there is no choice but to ensure comprehensive implementation of UN SCR 1325 . We call on all member states and the UN to ensure that the commitments in UN SRC 1325 are included in training for all UN staff and peacekeeping forces ; that a gender expert with specified resources is deployed in every peacekeeping operation to oversee implementation of UN SCR 1325 ; and that all member states involved in conflict resolution ensure equal representation of women in peacemaking negotiations and post conflict governance .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	51	It is recommended that the States Parties reaffirm the understanding that anti-personnel mines retained for training and development purposes in accordance with Article 3 should be kept to the minimum number absolutely necessary and be numbered in the hundreds or thousands , and not in the tens of thousands . In keeping with the legal obligation to report on anti-personnel mines retained under Article 3 , it is recommended that States Parties be encouraged to include information on the intended purpose and actual use of such mines in their Article 7 reports and to inform the SC-GSO accordingly . Recommendations ( Article 7 )
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	60	I wish also to pay tribute to our Secretary-General , Kofi Annan , whose devotion and skills have enhanced the prestige of our Organization . The message that I bring the Assembly from Benin is a message of peace , which our people are experiencing , and a message of the preservation of peace in all its aspects , in keeping with the Charter of our Organization and with the Millennium Declaration , in which we pledged to build for future generations a world free from fear , hunger and ignorance . The barbaric acts perpetrated a year ago , on 11 September 2001 here in New York and in other places , are still vivid in our memory , making ever more urgent the need to make greater strides in our common endeavour of civilization .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	34	Details on baseline methodologies and calculation are dealt with in other chapters . ( Note : If this option is selected , reference to gases in Annex A to the Kyoto Protocol should be kept , but reference to sectors in Annex A should be deleted . See paras. 9-10 below on carbon pools .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	42	Mr. Witoelar ( Indonesia ) : At the outset , Mr. President , allow me to thank you for convening this important event to address one of the major challenges to humanity : climate change . I sincerely commend the initiative to keep this issue as a top priority on the agenda of the General Assembly at its current session . Allow me to state that I align myself with the statement of the representative of Antigua and Barbuda , who spoke on behalf of the Group of 77 and China .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	49	Until the day when nuclear weapons could be eliminated , a universal , unconditional and legally binding instrument on negative security assurances to non-nuclear-weapon States would help to create a climate of trust among States parties . Her delegation supported rapid codification of security assurances , which was in keeping with the advisory opinion of the International Court of Justice on the Legality of the Threat or Use of Nuclear Weapons . Nuclear-weapon-free zones were a means of preventing proliferation and promoting complete disarmament , and Thailand supported their establishment in every region , including Central Asia , South Asia and the Middle East .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	36	The members of the Council expressed grave concern at gross violations of human rights , which have resulted in an increased influx of refugees across the border . The members of the Council will continue to keep this matter under close observation , including the compliance with the deadline of 15 March for disengagement . Eritrea and Ethiopia ( 15 March 2001 )
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	36	( e ) The phased reduction of 132 United Nations police advisers by December 2010 , subject to the review of a technical assessment mission . The Mission 's public information activities will also continue to keep the population informed of progress made in improving the security situation and provide extensive visibility on the reform of the security sector . In this connection , the Mission will sensitize the public on the Government 's crime prevention efforts , with the support of the United Nations police , and encourage dialogue and cooperation between citizens and the Liberian National Police to assist in tackling crime and maintaining law and order .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	42	- Not to open or hold accounts in the name of individuals without checking on them through official documents concerning them and retaining copies thereof ; - Not to deal with legal persons without checking up through official documents concerning them and keeping a certified true copy thereof ; - To retain all documents relating to clients and their financial transactions or commercial or financial deals , whether domestic or foreign , for a period of not less than five years from the date of conclusion of the transaction ; such documents must be produced at the request of the money-laundering intelligence unit of the Bank Monitoring Section of the Central Bank , under the supervision of the Governor ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	52	In the higher interest of the Congolese nation , we must make national reconciliation succeed , but we must also be aware that it will work against the demands of justice , for which history will judge us even more harshly . One principle dear to President Joseph Kabila is that of keeping one 's word . Under his leadership , significant progress has been possible in the peace process ; the inter-Congolese dialogue took place ; the military front has remained calm and the ceasefire has been fully respected ; and the disengagement and redeployment of all forces has been observed , except by Rwanda , which , contrarily , is strengthening its positions and is now fighting the Banyamulenge , whom it claimed to protect .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	46	Reaffirming its previous resolutions on Afghanistan , in particular resolutions 1267 ( 1999 ) of 15 October 1999 , 1333 ( 2000 ) of 19 December 2000 and 1363 ( 2001 ) of 30 July 2001 , Supporting international efforts to root out terrorism , in keeping with the Charter of the United Nations , and reaffirming also its resolutions 1368 ( 2001 ) of 12 September 2001 and 1373 ( 2001 ) of 28 September 2001 , Recognizing the urgency of the security and political situation in Afghanistan in light of the most recent developments , particularly in Kabul ,
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	It should be noted that the Fund 's performance includes small capitalization accounts , which are not presented in either of the benchmarks . The benchmarks for individual asset classes were also modified to better reflect the types of investments that the Fund keeps as strategic investment exposures . The benchmark for equities was changed from MSCI World , which does not include emerging markets , to MSCI All Country in which emerging markets are represented to reflect the Fund 's long-term commitment to these markets .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	33	Each one of these is , by its nature , a focal point or a point of natural congestion . We should avoid these congestion points or , putting it another way , keep ars starting and ending on the East side of the river - on the East side . This can be accomplished by several logical steps :
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	9	Communications received The Government further indicated that it would keep the Special Representative informed . Regarding Mr. Edgar Cortéz , despite the proposals made by the Secretaría de Gobernación to provide him with a guard , he had reportedly publicly denied that he received such protection .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	33	UNFPA informed the Board that it had been advised that application of the audit trail function would have a severe impact on the processing time of the Atlas system . Every data table kept a record of the person who raised the transaction , which UNFPA considered to be sufficient control for the time being . If control and segregation issues become a problem in the future , it would consider activation of the audit trail .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	53	Multilingualism and parity among languages As part of its responsibilities in terms of providing project-management services for many new and existing sites , the Department is in daily contact with author offices , always emphasizing the need for the content of their websites to be available in all six official languages , in keeping with the resolutions of the General Assembly . There has been notable progress in adding new pages to the website .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	27	In draft article 14 , he gave a list of prohibited grounds for discrimination that followed the most well-known precedents . Yet it might be more in keeping with the Commission 's responsibility for the progressive development of international law to adopt a more modern and comprehensive approach , such as that used in the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union . That instrument also mentioned age and disability , two additional criteria that had been suggested for inclusion in draft article 14 by Ms. Escarameia .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	37	The second event was the unprecedented coordination that existed between the United Nations and Israel with regard to the pullout of Israeli forces from southern Lebanon . In full coordination with the United Nations , and in keeping with Security Council resolution 425 ( 1978 ) , Israel withdrew its forces from southern Lebanon on 24 May 2000 . Following the withdrawal , the United Nations worked to confirm Israel 's fulfilment of its part of the resolution .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	74	Mr. Meyer ( Canada ) : Let me first , Madam Chairperson , express my appreciation for your efforts to try to organize our thematic debate this afternoon by separating out two very distinct cluster topics , the first being on other weapons of mass destruction , under which we normally discuss biological and chemical weapons issues , and the second being missiles and outer space . I think it is very much in keeping with the reform aims of the Committee that we extract more value and greater coherence from our thematic debate portion when we can stick to addressing one topic at a time . In that regard , I would hope that delegations could organize themselves in the future so that we do not mix , so to speak , the poisoned apples of biological weapons with the orbiting oranges of outer space .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	38	It encourages the Bureau to continue to explore proposals for improvement in these areas , to be brought before the Commission for approval as appropriate . The Working Group recommends that the question of agenda reform should be kept under review . A new agenda was in place for the fifty-fifth session of the Commission ; the Working Group considers that a review of the experience with the new agenda - including the scope for possible further reclustering of items - would be timely at the latest after the fifty-seventh session .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	35	The neutral model corresponds , in its moral and ethical manifestations , to the mentality of the Turkmen people , their perception of the world and their established system of values . Neutrality is in keeping with the long-term interests of Turkmenistan 's economic development , the welfare of its people and its spiritual rebirth . The five years during which Turkmenistan has been recognized by the United Nations as a permanently neutral State have demonstrated for all to see the strength and viability of Turkmen neutrality .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	49	In addition , according to the Court , detention pending deportation should be in conformity with law and subject to judicial review . In this regard , “ lawfulness ” refers to conformity to national law , but also requires “ that any deprivation of liberty should be in keeping with the purpose of Article 5 , namely to protect the individual from arbitrariness. ” Moreover , judicial review “ should … be wide enough to bear on those conditions which are essential for the `lawful ' detention of a person according to Article 5 paragraph 1 … ” . Attention may also be drawn to the body of principles for the protection of all persons under any form of detention or imprisonment , annexed to General Assembly resolution 43/173 .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	48	Divisions of the Department of Economic and Social Affairs indicated that consultants were recruited on the basis of objective information aimed at taking into account the adequacy of skills and professional experience recognized among potential candidates . However , they added that they were not in favour of keeping a pre-established roster of candidates . Their main argument is that , taking into account the rapid obsolescence of knowledge in sectors where technological developments are swift , such a list would make sense only if it were updated regularly .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	95	Following the attacks of 11 September 2001 , UNHCR issued a policy paper entitled “ Addressing Security Concerns without Undermining Refugee Protection ” i which addresses mechanisms which can be put in place in the field of asylum and highlights the refugee protection principles at stake . With regard to exclusion from refugee status , in 2003 UNHCR updated and issued revised Guidelines and an accompanying Background Note on the application of the Article 1F exclusion clauses.ii These guidelines address the challenge of applying the exclusion clauses in a balanced and consistent manner , in keeping inter alia with international human rights obligations . The relationship between Article 1F and UN Security Council resolution 1373 of 28 September 2001 is also addressed .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	56	Initially entrusted to the Under-Secretary-General for General Assembly Affairs and Conference Services , since 31 March 2003 this function has been the responsibility of the Under-Secretary-General for Communications and Public Information . The task of the Coordinator is to harmonize the measures implemented and to propose strategies to ensure that United Nations linguistic practices are in keeping with the recommendations and provisions of the various resolutions relating to multilingualism . Among other things , the Coordinator centralizes the proposals and requests having to do with multilingualism throughout the Secretariat .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	59	We are confident that ending the embargo and normalizing United States-Cuban relations overall would help to improve the situation concerning Cuba and to facilitate Cuba 's more active involvement in international and regional processes . The continuation of the economic , commercial and financial embargo against Cuba by the United States of America is counterproductive , is not in keeping with the spirit of the times and is a remnant of the cold war that hinders the establishment of a new , just world order based on the Charter of the United Nations and international law . Guided by the fundamental principles of the Charter regarding the inadmissibility of any discriminatory measures or interference in the internal affairs of States , we maintain our position that it is necessary to vote in favour of the draft resolution calling for the embargo to be lifted .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	75	Welcomes the annual contribution of 2 million Swiss francs , including assessed contributions , and the start-up funding of 150 , 000 Swiss francs pledged by the host Government of the Convention secretariat to offset planned expenditures ; Adopts the indicative scale of assessments for the apportionment of expenses for 2006 and provisionally for 2007 as contained in table 2 to the present decision , and authorizes the head of the Convention secretariat , in keeping with the financial rules , to adjust the scale for 2006 to include all Parties for which the Convention enters into force before 1 January 2006 , and for 2007 to include all Parties for which the Convention enters into force between 1 January 2006 and 31 December 2006 ; Accepts the invitation of the Conference of the Parties of the Rotterdam Convention to co-finance in 2006 the position of a joint head of the Secretariats of both the Stockholm Convention and the Rotterdam Convention at the level of D-1 and invites the Conference of the Parties of the Rotterdam Convention to consider at its second meeting continuing the arrangement in 2007 and beyond ;
keep%2:31:00::	keep.v	31	The Sudan and the ongoing violence in Iraq currently command the most attention , while dire situations persist in numerous other countries struggling with conflict and violence . We need to keep the spotlight on all crises and ensure that there is a balanced and proportional response to all situations of concern . The humanitarian crisis in Somalia , for example , remains one of the most severe , yet overlooked , crises in the world .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	51	Having considered the report of the Commission on the work of its thirty-third session , Concerned that activities undertaken by other bodies of the United Nations system in the field of international trade law without coordination with the Commission might lead to undesirable duplication of efforts and would not be in keeping with the aim of promoting efficiency , consistency and coherence in the unification and harmonization of international trade law , as stated in its resolution 37/106 of 16 December 1982 , Stressing the importance of the further development of the case law on United Nations Commission on International Trade Law texts in promoting the uniform application of the legal texts of the Commission and its value for government officials , practitioners and academics ,
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	27	“ 7. Requests the Rapporteur to report to the Special Committee in the year 2000 on the implementation of the present resolution ; “ 8. Decides to keep the question of Puerto Rico under continuous review. ” Consideration of other matters
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	29	The Meeting also encouraged the High Contracting Parties to nominate national experts for inclusion in the Pool of Experts . The Meeting of the High Contracting Parties decided to keep the issue of Mines Other Than Anti-Personnel Mines ( MOTAPM ) under consideration under the overall responsibility of the Chairperson-designate . The Meeting of the High Contracting Parties to the Convention decided that :
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	60	Bearing in mind the positive steps taken by the Administration to finalize the liquidation guidelines , the Board remains concerned that the guidelines have not yet been promulgated . During the follow-up of the implementation of the recommendations made during the previous year , the Board found that there was room for improvement at United Nations Headquarters in controlling and keeping track of documentation from the missions . The Board is pleased to note that for the year under review the tracking of documentation has improved considerably , as the trail of movement could be observed and monitored .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	24	In such a volatile situation , the initial assessment should be made on the ground . UNHCR was , in budgetary terms , barely keeping its head above water . While it had obtained a relatively positive response to its appeal on behalf of Afghanistan , fewer contributions had been made to other regions , such as Africa .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	19	The distance between where she stood and where Dave waited at the outside door was a hundred miles . Keeping her frightened gaze on the men at the counter , she began to feel her way to the door . She sidled along the booths one step at a time .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	16	May all units be used , or only a subset ? Where should this reserve be kept ? What would be the size of the reserve ?
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	37	Strengthening of the rights of the defence , particularly through the abolition of the post of military lawyer The provision of legal assistance by military lawyers , particularly when they are officially appointed , is not in keeping with the observance of the rights of the defence . From the simple point of view of the so-called theory of “ appearances ” , the presence of military lawyers damages the credibility of these jurisdictions .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	51	The policies and strategies of the United Nations development system had to be inclusive , it being recognized that , for development to be sustainable , development initiatives had to be tailored coherently to each country 's needs . She reaffirmed that collective leadership was needed to ensure proactive action in keeping with the Monterrey Consensus , and other conferences and development institutions , with the participation of civil society and the private sector . The Eminent Persons ' work was indispensable , although some recommendations would require further analysis , whereas others could be implemented in accordance with different time lines .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	39	( d ) Aligning the UNV gender target to the approved United Nations goal and establishing incremental targets to reach the ultimate goal of a 50-50 gender balance UNV had previously established targets for the gender balance aimed at keeping the ratio between men and women within a 40 per cent to 60 per cent range . However , in the light of the discussions with the Inspector , UNV has now adopted the goal of a 50-50 gender balance .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	148	Since the ICTY judge came into office prior to 1 January 1999 , he will receive a pension of approximately $ 44 , 000.00 , because , by virtue of article 1 ( 2 ) ( g ) of annex II “ he or she shall continue to receive one one-hundred-and-thirty-third of the International Tribunal 's pension benefit for each further month subsequent to his or her initial term , up to a maximum pension equivalent to eight twenty-sevenths of the annual salary ” . Although both judges have the very same years of service , six years , and although they have both earned the same monthly , yearly and aggregate salary over the period of six years , the ICTY judge receives a pension that is approximately $ 12 , 000.00 less than that of the ICJ judge — an outcome that is clearly not in keeping with the statutory requirement that his conditions of service be the same as those of the ICJ judge . However , if an ICTY judge did not come into office prior to 1 January 1999 — and this is the case for all but two ICTY judges — and serves for six years he will receive the same pension of approximately $ 37 , 000.00 that he would have received had he demitted office after four years service .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	49	Having considered the report of the Commission on the work of its thirty-eighth session , Reiterating its concern that activities undertaken by other bodies in the field of international trade law without adequate coordination with the Commission might lead to undesirable duplication of efforts and would not be in keeping with the aim of promoting efficiency , consistency and coherence in the unification and harmonization of international trade law , Reaffirming the mandate of the Commission , as the core legal body within the United Nations system in the field of international trade law , to coordinate legal activities in this field , in particular to avoid duplication of efforts , including among organizations formulating rules of international trade , and to promote efficiency , consistency and coherence in the modernization and harmonization of international trade law , and to continue , through its secretariat , to maintain close cooperation with other international organs and organizations , including regional organizations , active in the field of international trade law ,
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	67	After expressing concern about some of the provisions in the draft constitution prepared by the Commission , and also about the way it had been drawn up , the people of the Territory had indicated that in principle they had no objection to the adoption of a bill of rights . The United Kingdom Government had indicated that a number of changes had to be effected in keeping with its “ international obligations ” , even if those changes conflicted with the aspirations of the Territory 's population . As a result , all submissions and proposals relating to the Anguillan Constitution had invariably been constrained by limitations imposed by the United Kingdom Government at some stage in their consideration , and therefore had not always accurately reflected the desire of the people of the Cayman Islands .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	15	Division of Administration Changes in the structure and staffing requirements of the Division are in keeping with the changing logistical and managerial requirements of the Mission and also take account of the experience gained since the inception of UNMIK on 10 June 1999 . The specific changes are as follows .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	15	The last cluster combines miscellaneous activities . In most cases , the Institute attempts to keep alive or revamp its action on priority issues through projects of limited dimensions , despite a lack of significant funding . Some projects have been carried out over a number of years , for example , the management of a clearing house on illicit drug abuse established in 1991 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	52	The developing nations that had gradually liberalized their economies and opened their markets , mostly under the weight of donor conditionality , had been disillusioned when their development partners , albeit well-meaning , had failed to make good on their promise to steer them to sound health . The rich nations must keep their promises and practise what they preached , open their markets , dismantle their huge agricultural subsidies , remove tariff and other barriers to imports from the South , display a democratic spirit in world economic management and make the structural changes needed for a healthy global economy . They must ensure the developing countries ' increased participation in global decision-making and the global trade regime , in the interest of the latter 's capacity to trade and develop , especially by facilitating non-members ' entry into WTO .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	93	In the nineties , the WVF recognizing the changed nature of conflicts which saw 90 % of casualties were civilians , revised its “ Guidelines to Basic Rights for War Veterans and Victims of War to include “ civilian victims of war ” . The Preamble states : “ these recommendations also take into account the changes in the nature of armed conflicts : the steadily increasing numbers of the resulting civilian victims of war , especially women and children , and the problems that the persons serving in the United Nations Peace Keeping Forces are facing. ” Women Experience War Differently - When the WVF recognized that women experience war differently than men , it created a Committee in 1984 to focus on the meaning and consequences of war for women and how the WVF could best address them .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	75	The aggression has reached its peak . Instead of the occupying Power working to fulfil the calls made by Mrs. Mary Robinson , the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights , to stop violence , the Israeli State continues to incite the Israeli settlers implanted in the heart of the occupied Arab territories to threaten her , to stop her mounted escort for a time and to prevent her from assuming her responsibilities in keeping with her programme , thus impeding the work of this very important international figure . Her recently issued report represents sufficient condemnation of the Israeli occupying force , as she called for the deployment of international observers , for stopping the use of force , for dismantling Israeli settlements and for protecting the Palestinians from settler violence .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	57	The Bangkok Crime Congress and the recent session of the Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice had both proved important forums for exchanging points of view and defining goals and policies . Convinced that multilateral cooperation was the only road to success in fighting terrorism , which needed to be confronted with a global strategy in keeping with the United Nations Charter and international law and with full respect for human rights , Chile had reaffirmed the need , expressed in the outcome document of the 2005 World Summit , to develop such a strategy and to conclude negotiations on a general convention on terrorism . Its counter-terrorism efforts included ratification of 12 of the United Nations conventions and the Inter-American Convention against Terrorism and its recent signing of the Nuclear Terrorism Convention .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	57	There is now a surge in demand for United Nations peacekeepers ; but with 100 , 000 already deployed , the United Nations may soon face difficult capacity problems in responding to new demands for peacekeepers . The United Nations must also remain cautious in committing peacekeepers in situations where there may not be any peace to keep . Nor should the United Nations become an instrument for unwanted foreign intervention in the internal affairs of States .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	61	Only if we are united can we confront the problems that are common to everyone , although not caused by everyone , such as the grave ecological crisis already affecting millions of human beings . Thus , through systematic and practical reconciliation , promoted by States and citizens , we can carry out concrete actions needed in any society — in keeping with their history and culture . Reconciliation between States in conflict , between Governments and citizens , between genders , between generations , between men and women , between human beings and nature , between religions , ethnic groups and cultures , between the North and the South , between developed countries and poor countries without access to technology — that is the essence of reconciliation in a world where antagonisms , ruptures and discord could lead to our demise .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	53	A general standard is usually prescribed which the secured creditor must observe ( e.g. “ commercially reasonable ” or “ with the care of a prudent business person ” ) . There may also be special rules dealing with the manner by which the proceeds of a disposition are to be collected and kept pending distribution . Most secured transactions laws share the requirements that notice must be given to certain parties with respect to a proposed disposition and the sale must be advertised or offers sought from appropriate parties .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	51	In the agriculture sector , the embargo has reduced the possibility and increased the costs of buying inputs like fertilizers and seeds , and technology and equipment that will increase productivity and reduce production costs . Given the strategic importance of food , the Government of Cuba has been obliged to keep additional stocks of food in order to provide an uninterrupted supply to the population in general . The Cuban Government has invested heavily in an ample programme to update the transport sector , with visible effects in terms of improvement of transport services to the public and the economy in general .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	62	In its resolution 57/4 B , the General Assembly decided to accept the recommendations of the Committee on Contributions to adjust the rates of assessment in 2003 for two Member States . It also requested the Committee to elaborate further on the criteria regarding ad hoc adjustments of the rates of assessment for consideration and approval by the General Assembly , in keeping with rule 160 of the rules of procedure of the Assembly , so as to facilitate further its consideration of such adjustments . It also emphasized the need to seek to preserve the integrity of the scale of assessments and noted that the decision regarding the two Member States is not a precedent and that future appeals by Member States under rule 160 would be considered on a case-by-case basis .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	34	In paragraph 12 of resolution 1 , the Conference requested the Executive Director of UNEP to provide , during the interim period , secretariat services for the operation of the interim activities . In keeping with the above mandates , the Executive Director of UNEP convened two sessions of the Intergovernmental Negotiating Committee : the sixth session was held from 17 to 21 June 2002 and the seventh from 14 to 18 July 2003 . At its seventh session , the Intergovernmental Negotiating Committee , in paragraph 1 of its decision INC-7/1 , approved the staffing table and budget for 2003 and for 2004-2005 , contained in annex I to the decision , which is contained in annex I to the report of the session ( document UNEP/POPS/INC.7/28 ) .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	41	Another important aspect is to give an opportunity to Tamil youth in these areas to serve their own communities , which will more easily allow the force to show the required concern and commitment . These new training policies are in keeping with the commitment of the Government to fully implement the official languages policy , and develop confidence in all citizens that they are full stakeholders in government institutions . They will provide the backbone of the reawakening that the Government brings to the East now , and which it is hoped will soon be extended to the North .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	30	He said that programme strategies had linked education and health components with child protection and social protection measures and the strengthening of policy dialogue and advocacy . This was in keeping with Pakistan 's change in focus from service delivery to greater engagement in policy dialogue and advocacy with key stakeholders to achieve better results . One delegation , speaking on the draft CPD for Pakistan , said that UNICEF was playing an important role in the implementation of the One UN pilot and called upon UNICEF headquarters to provide the necessary flexibility and support for this process .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	55	Moreover , in cases where the parents and the family seriously fail in their duties , ill-treat or neglect the child , the State should intervene to restrict parental authority and the child may be separated from his family when circumstances so require . If the marriage is dissolved , steps should be taken , keeping in view the paramount interest of the children , to give them necessary protection and , so far as is possible , to guarantee personal relations with both parents . parties should provide information on the special measures of protection adopted to protect children who are abandoned or deprived of their family environment in order to enable them to develop in conditions that most closely resemble those characterizing the family environment .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	28	Thus , measures to protect pharmaceuticals could be taken where national development , technological and health requirements suggested such action was beneficial . Such a position was in keeping with the Declaration on the Right to Development which declares that “ States have the right and the duty to formulate appropriate national development policies that aim at the constant improvement of the well-being of the entire population and of all individuals , on the basis of their active , free and meaningful participation in development and in the fair distribution of the benefits resulting therefrom. ” The TRIPS Agreement 's obligation to provide protection for all forms of technology has an impact on States ' ability to decide on development strategies . Fourth , the protection contained in the TRIPS Agreement focuses on forms of protection that have developed in industrialized countries .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	23	In a letter to the American Friends Service , Dr. Schweitzer wrote : `` Leading Nations of the West and of the East keep busy making newer nuclear weapons to defend themselves in the event the constantly threatening nuclear war should break out . `` They cannot do otherwise than live in dread of each other since these weapons imply the possibility of such grisly surprise attack .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	38	We believe that the local authorities should take all of the necessary measures to prevent a repetition of such incidents in future . This would help to resolve the refugee problem , which in turn would be in keeping with the interests of both Indonesia and East Timor . Needless to say , one of UNTAET 's major areas of activity remains the promotion of national reconciliation in East Timor .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	57	At its fourth session , the Working Group found that a model provision on the matter would be useful ( see A/CN.9/505 , paras . However , given the complexity of the issues and the various policy options mentioned in the legislative recommendation , the experts consulted by the Secretariat suggested that it would be better to keep it as a footnote to the text of the model provision dealing with the authority to enter into concession agreements in a footnote to draft model provision 3 . The Working Group , at its fifth session , did not object to the above suggestions .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	16	The $ 9.50 for lodging they save . Because they prepare their own meals they also keep in their pockets a good portion of that $ 10.50 food bill along with most of the tip money . The automobile expenses are about the only vacationing cost they can n't either eliminate or pare down drastically by camping along the way .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	47	Turning now to co-sponsorship of draft resolutions , the Secretariat will maintain the hard copy of the sponsors ' list , which will be available in the conference room during meetings and in room S-2977 between the meetings . As an alternative , the sponsoring delegation may keep the list and submit it together with the draft for processing . In order to avoid any errors or misunderstandings , we would prefer to have only one master list for each draft resolution .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	102	Among other issues we might mention the nature of the underlying conflict , the identification of vulnerable groups such as indigenous peoples , children , the situation and the role of women , the consequences of peace agreements for the rule of law , together with the different traditions that may coexist in a given country and which have an impact on the development of the system of justice and on the adaptation of legal rules in the country . Guatemala has always supported the importance of a firm and determined approach to endeavours to build prevention capacity within the Organization in keeping with the principles and objectives of the United Nations Charter and international law . Allow us to take this opportunity to congratulate the new Special Adviser to the Secretary-General on Africa .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	33	The Panel had the opportunity to review the accounting of one , presumably legitimate , Dubai-based Somali trading company . Although sales agreements , bills , and even some shipping documents have been kept by this businessman , there is no coherent and systematic record-keeping . Even the ownership structure of this particular business is based on verbal agreements , trust and the certainty that betrayal will lead to exclusion from future business opportunities .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	54	The Criminal Code forbids the use of torture or brutal treatment against suspects . In August 2003 , in order to define the concept of torture more precisely , the Oliy Majlis amended article 235 of the Criminal Code in such a way that the definition of torture in criminal law is now in keeping with article 1 of the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel , Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment . This definition is also set out in a ruling handed down by the plenum of the Supreme Court on 19 December 2003 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	45	Mainstreaming activities will involve the preparation of : The guidelines , which include a common results framework , were approved by the High-level Committee and the General Assembly in 2003 ; Monitoring and evaluation tools such as those used to ensure transparency and accountability in keeping with the MYFF ; Educational and training instruments , including training manuals and courses for integration into the UNDP Virtual Development Academy . Other courses would also be prepared targeting various groups such as Junior Professional Officers and national focal points for South-South cooperation ; and Promotional materials , including videos , brochures and booklets , to be disseminated by the staff of the Special Unit at various events , including meetings , workshops and conferences .
keep%2:31:00::	keep.v	64	• Identification , location and further contacts related to the ring of prepaid telephone cards , including eight significant telephone numbers and 10 mobile telephones , which are believed to have been used to organize surveillance of Mr. Hariri and carry out the assassination ( see S/2005/662 , paras. 121 and 148-152 ) ; • Documentation of orders to Internal Security Forces personnel to keep Mr. Hariri under surveillance from the end of January 2005 to the beginning of February 2005 ( see S/2005/662 , para. 125 ) ; • The reason for the delay of Mr. Hariri 's motorcade at a T-junction shortly before the explosion ( see S/2005/662 , para. 142 ) ;
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	29	Its front was windowless , but irregularities in the masonry might be an indication that windows , now blinded , had once looked out upon the street . I kept circling the block hoping to see , from the street behind it , the rear of the hall . But it was not a tall structure and other buildings concealed it .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	153	He welcomed some positive developments since the holding of the 1995 Review and Extension Conference. They included the advisory opinion of the International Court of Justice of July 1996 on the legality of the threat or use of nuclear weapons ( see General Assembly resolution 54/54 Q ) ; the adoption of the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty ( CTBT ) by General Assembly resolution 50/245 ; and the recent ratification by the Russian Federation of the Treaty on the Reduction and Limitation of Strategic Offensive Arms of 1991 ( START II ) and the CTBT . There had been some negative developments , however. They included the United States Senate 's rejection of ratification of the CTBT ; that country 's consideration of the feasibility of developing a nuclear-missile-defence system ( “ Star Wars ” ) ; and the adoption by NATO of the strategic concept that nuclear weapons were the only means of keeping the peace , which had been countered by the Russian Federation 's declaration that nuclear weapons were an important element of national security . By assisting Israel in developing weapons of mass destruction , Washington employed double standards , since it imposed punitive sanctions on some States even though they had opened their nuclear facilities to inspection by the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) , and blackmailed another State , trying to prevent its acquisition of nuclear technology for peaceful purposes even though that State was a party to the NPT .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	84	The actual transfer and absorption of the selected technologies must maximize economic and social benefits , minimize economic and social costs , and initiate a positive feedback between technological development and other dimensions of development . Following these broader policy statements , Dr. Badawi described the specific objectives of the Arab Fund in the area of TCDC , inter alia , ( a ) to foster the self-reliance of its member countries by enhancing their creative capacities to find solutions to development problems in keeping with their own values and needs ; ( b ) to promote and strengthen collective self-reliance among developing countries through the sharing of experience and resources and the development of their complementary capabilities ; and ( c ) to strengthen regional information systems and communication networks . The Arab Fund plays a role in the creation of institutions and networks for science and technology in areas such as food security , information technology and health and supports an extensive research programme in , inter alia , management of production systems , natural resource management , and institutional strengthening and a variety of other initiatives , including the Global Campus , which provides a distance learning platform that involves the delivery of tailored academic programmes over the Internet to a worldwide student pool using state-of-the-art information technology .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	34	As Kennan shows , the judgment of the Allied governments about what was happening in Russia was warped by the obsession of defeating Germany . They were blind to the evidence that nothing could keep the Russian people fighting . They attributed everything that went wrong in Russia to German influence and intrigue .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	30	UNHCR is committed to monitoring future developments and will consider the setting up of a provision for uncollected voluntary contributions receivable when required by financial prudence . This is in keeping with the spirit of United Nations accounting standard No. 33 . In paragraph 62 , the Board recommended that UNHCR urge the field offices to comply with the existing policy on assets disposal to strengthen controls over them .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	29	On the basis of this proposal , it is possible to find a political solution to the situation pertaining to the Iranian nuclear issue . This initiative is in keeping with earlier statements made by the Russian Federation and subsequently reflected in Security Council resolution 1737 ( 2006 ) , which states in particular that if the Islamic Republic of Iran suspends all uranium-enrichment activities , the implementation of measures by the Council will also be suspended . We consider that the main aim of Security Council resolution 1737 ( 2006 ) is to find a political solution to the issue of the nuclear programme of the Islamic Republic of Iran , including through the launch of a negotiating process to resolve the Iranian nuclear issue .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	32	Secondly , Denmark supports President Abbas 's efforts to create a national unity Government that reflects Quartet principles . Thirdly , it is essential that all Palestinian factions do their utmost to keep and consolidate the ceasefire and avoid infighting . It is not a solution , but it provides a much-wanted opportunity .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	20	The kick came , sudden and vicious but short . Mickey 's guts twisted with the effort , but he kept his eye on the weapon . It moved in a silver arc toward his throat , then veered downward .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	26	Let us now put some flesh on the theoretical bones we have assembled by giving illustrations of roleplaying used for evaluation and analysis . One should keep in mind that many of the exciting possiblities of roleplaying are largely unexplored and have not been used in industry to the extent that they have been in military and other areas . The president of a small firm selling restaurant products , had considerable difficulty in finding suitable salesmen for his business .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	61	Other violations of the right to life were the result of actions by State employees who caused death through the excessive use of force or negligent use of weapons . Despite the provisions of the National Police Code and other internal regulations on the subject , law enforcement officials do not always respect their obligation to employ legally authorized methods for keeping the peace or make use of methods and weapons that cause the least harm . Some of these incidents took place during student demonstrations at the University of Valle , the University of Nariño and the National University .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its sixtieth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Mission in the Sudan ” . Sixtieth session
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	30	In Budget 2008 , the Government of Canada committed to continue to improve the quality of life of seniors by : Ensuring that Guaranteed Income Supplement ( GIS ) recipients keep more of their earned money by raising the GIS earnings exemption to $ 3 , 500 from its current level of $ 500 ; and Proposing a new Tax-Free Savings Account , which will permit seniors to grow their saving without affecting GIS benefits . Other initiatives undertaken by the Government of Canada to help seniors include :
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	33	Indeed , the complainant had successfully made such an appeal to the Limoges Administrative Court . 4.4 Secondly , the State party maintained that the complaint submitted to the Committee was not in keeping with the provision of rule 107 , paragraph 1 ( b ) , of the rules of procedure that “ the communication should be submitted by the individual himself or by his relatives or designated representatives or by others on behalf of an alleged victim when it appears that the victim is unable to submit the communication himself , and the complainant of the communication justifies his acting on the victim 's behalf ” . However , the procedural documents did not indicate that the complainant designated the International Federation of ACAT as his representative , and it had not been established that the complainant is unable to instruct that organization to act on his behalf .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	37	In his responses , the Branch Chief pointed out that the exchange rate issue was not a recent one - it had hampered the Fund over the preceding three years . He said that the idea of keeping accounts in currencies other than United States dollars had been looked at in the past , especially with regard to the possibility of maintaining accounts in euros . It remained a possibility , although it posed certain problems as well .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	63	The Programme of Action already envisages the need for periodic reviews in its implementation . Indeed , the breadth and substance of the debate , the mobilization of civil society and the media , and the intensive preparatory process at the national and international levels in the period leading up to and during the review mechanism meetings are in themselves important factors in keeping the momentum alive and in manifesting and sensitizing international opinion . I am hopeful , therefore , that this Committee will seize the opportunity to agree on a mandate for such a forward-looking mechanism .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	35	The Act requires banks to be licensed and to have a physical presence in the country . It places restrictions on the issue , sale and transfers of shares and banking licences. It imposes record keeping requirements on regulated institutions and provides a range of powers to the Samoa International Finance Authority ( SIFA ) as the relevant supervisory authority . The Central Bank of Samoa is the regulatory body for domestic banks .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	31	As in previous years , UNFIP also undertook the responsibility for providing assistance to international private sector and foundations in developing partnership opportunities with United Nations common system organizations . In keeping with the 2005 World Summit Outcome and the Secretary-General 's commitment to facilitating and coordinating collective action on shared principles and priorities , UNFIP focused efforts on the creation of networking and resource mobilization opportunities with a broad range of actors , including bilateral partners . As at 31 December 2005 , UNFIP had fielded nearly 500 substantial enquiries about partnership with the United Nations system from a wide range of organizations , networks , coalitions and individuals .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	74	In the area of international justice , given the experience of special and mixed criminal tribunals , the International Criminal Court has a key role in combating impunity for the most serious crimes of far-reaching international importance . The international community now has at its disposal a permanent , independent and impartial instrument to ensure justice in the most significant cases of serious violations of human rights and international humanitarian law when , in keeping with the principle of complementarity , national penal systems are not in a position , for one reason or another , to address such important issues in a genuine and effective manner . We welcome the fact that , in recent days , a number of countries have ratified the Rome Statute , and that consequently more than half of the States Members of the United Nations are now parties to the Statute .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	32	The Democratic Republic of the Congo became a State party to the Anti-personnel Mine Ban Treaty on 2 November 2002 . Another notable development was the destruction by the RCD-Goma , in keeping with an earlier commitment made in May 2002 during the Regional Workshop on the Anti-personnel Mine Ban Treaty , of 642 anti-personnel and 62 anti-vehicle mines in Kisangani in December 2002 . Quick Impact Projects
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	35	Our first major concern is the persistence of nuclear weapons and other weapons of mass destruction in the world . These weapons , which are a sad legacy of the cold war , are still kept , based on a rationale that not only is outdated but that also carries the potential for an arms race , given the insecurity they cause to those States unfortunate enough to be within their range . In 2000 , we applauded the successful conclusion of the Review Conference of the States Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons with the adoption of the relevant plan of action .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	76	“ 2. The amendment submitted by the Jamahiriya accords with the general spirit of the discussions that took place during the previous session of the Special Committee , especially those held during the consideration of the revised working paper submitted by the Russian Federation entitled `Basic conditions and standard criteria for the introduction of sanctions and other coercive measures and their implementation ' ( A/55/33 , paragraph 50 ) . The amendment is also generally in keeping with the views expressed in the discussion of the items relating to the maintenance of international peace and security and assistance to third States affected by the application of sanctions ( A/55/33 , paragraphs 37 and 38 ) . “ II
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	79	The question of migration should thus be approached from a human rights perspective , in conformity with the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and State obligations under core international human rights treaties , bearing in mind that development is not just economic development , but also entails cultural , social and political development . In that context , the Committee observes that migration stimulates cultural and economic exchanges among nations , which in turn promote peace and understanding in keeping with the goals of the United Nations . The Committee observes that there is an information deficit on many aspects of the linkage between migration and development .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	34	It was so agreed . The Chairman said that various views had been expressed on the long-term status of the legislative recommendations as contained in the Legislative Guide : they could be scrapped ; kept purely as a record of the evolution of the Commission 's work ; or maintained as legislative recommendations . Each of those solutions had different implications for the future work of the Commission .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	87	This meeting is therefore additionally welcome and critical to the future of the peace process , enabling the Government , on behalf of all the parties , to raise the issue of — and seek the continuing assistance of the United Nations in meeting — the need for further support , for a limited period , in fulfilling the remaining responsibilities of the United Nations and completing the assignment previously agreed . The peace process in Bougainville , Papua New Guinea , not only continues , but keeps moving ahead . While progress is not always as rapid as many observers and participants would prefer , it is nonetheless real and substantial .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	18	Art . Delete reference in paragraph 1 to “ in accordance with domestic laws and policies ” ; keep reference to “ international humanitarian and human rights law ” Delete reference to “ as appropriate ” in paragraph 3
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its sixty-first session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Stabilization Mission in Haiti ” . A/60/646 and A/60//728 .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	86	Colombia , Juzgado Segundo Promiscuo Municipal Rovira Tolima , Juan Carlos Samper v. Jaime Tapias , 21 julio 2003 , Rad . The Court found that the process undertaken via electronic means was valid notwithstanding that the e-mails were not digitally signed because ( a ) the sender of the data messages could be fully identified ; ( b ) the sender of the data messages consented to and affirmed the content of the data messages sent ; ( c ) the data messages were safely kept in the Tribunal ; and ( d ) the messages could be reviewed at any time ( available at http : //www.camara-e.net/_upload/80403 -- 0-7-diaz082003.pdf , accessed on 2 February 2007 ) . * This section would be further developed in a final version of the comprehensive reference document .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	76	On the question of transparency and dissemination of information , she said that in order to ensure maximum efficiency and stability of world financial markets , there must be symmetry between the public sector and the private sector , for the sake of transparency . Some progress had been made in the case of private companies , but companies that traded on the stock market should also publicize the details of their financial transactions , in keeping with the regulations currently in force . Malaysia recognized that the current approaches to sovereign debt restructuring were of a supplementary nature , so that countries had some margin of flexibility .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	42	They still believe in its ability to exercise its basic function , the maintenance of international peace and security , on the basis of objectivity , neutrality and justice . Once our people stop thinking in such terms , our ability to keep events under control will be seriously compromised . Jordan , under the leadership of His Majesty King Abdullah Bin Al Hussein , only accepts positive dealings between and within the parties with a view to attaining peace in the region in a manner that will preserve the historical rights of the Palestinians to establish a viable , contiguous , independent State , with East Jerusalem as its capital , in conformity with resolutions of international legitimacy adopted by the Council and at the same time , preserving the security of Israel .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	51	The legal framework for an IAEA compatible record keeping system of nuclear material was established in Hungary in 1971 . Government Decree 39/1997 on the System of Accounting for and the International Control of Nuclear Materials and the Jurisdiction of Certain Authorities made modifications to further improve the efficiency of record keeping and ensure compliance with the IAEA Safeguards Agreement signed in 1972 . Under Government Decree 39/1997 every organization possessing nuclear material shall keep operating records of all nuclear materials .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	29	In any sensible operation run by a national Government , policy would be changed only in the light of reports from the field . I urge the Council to keep up a meaningful dialogue with troop contributors . They are the ones doing the job , and professional forces want to make sure that they do it right , and that they leave once they have done it .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	19	The bucket causes a constant stench . In the absence of toiletries or soap , it is impossible to keep any standard of hygiene or health care . Food is inadequate and virtually inedible .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	61	With the Council 's permission , I shall now read out the following brief statement by the Special Envoys , which provides an update on the political process . “ As members of the Council are aware , it will be very difficult for UNAMID to implement its mandate and protect the civilians of Darfur if there is no peace to keep . According to Special Envoys Eliasson and Salim , prospects for comprehensive substantive talks in the near future are dim .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	22	We congratulate the Secretary-General on the structural reforms he has overseen . We also thank him for the many times he has kept us in touch with his thinking and that of his staff and we thank him for the hopes he has continued to express about the future of our world Organization . We still share his optimism .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	69	) During the first reading of this material , the prevailing view in the Working Group was that draft paragraph 3 identified a serious problem that must be treated in the draft convention , but that the matter required further study with respect to other means through which to combat the problem , and that the provision as drafted was not yet satisfactory . The Working Group decided to keep draft paragraph 3 in square brackets in the draft convention , and to discuss it in greater detail at a future date. ( See A/CN.9/526 , para. 60 . The theory of draft article 40 ( 3 ) recognizes that the registered owner may have no direct connection with a particular cargo owner .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	45	Furthermore , support was expressed by some delegations for the elaboration of an international code of conduct in the fight against terrorism . At the conclusion of the debate , the sponsor delegation requested that the issue of the convening of a high-level conference be kept under consideration . Annex II
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	67	In developing the Gender Policy , GADD sought the agreement of various Government ministries ( Human Resource Development , Works , Energy , Physical Planning , Finance and Economic Management , Health , Agriculture , Justice , Education and Statistics ) on the replacement of the Women 's Policy with a Gender policy . Although the National Council of Women ( NCW ) expressed their preference to keep the Women 's Policy , the new Gender Policy was developed in consultation with the NCW . It is envisaged that the Gender Policy will be adopted in the latter half of this year .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	48	Unfortunately , these responsibilities are not clearly defined and there is a lack of cooperation between the two Ministries . Some of the obstacles encountered include the lack of appropriately trained nurses and doctors , the insufficiency of resources and medical supplies , and the absence of properly kept medical records for prisoners . In addition , poor sanitation and the overcrowded condition of prison cells contribute to the spreading of contagious illnesses such as tuberculosis and skin diseases .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	38	My delegation appreciates the vital contribution and pivotal role of the Security Council in the maintenance of global peace and security . The consideration of the annual report of the Security Council by the General Assembly is in keeping with Articles 15 and 24 of the Charter of the United Nations , and provides an opportunity for the wider membership of the Organization to assess the work and performance of the Council , including its efficiency , effectiveness and relevance . The report also contributes to transparency in the work of the Council , which should be the cornerstone of the working methods of the Council .
keep%2:35:10::	keep.v	51	As in previous years he asked the Committee for permission to visit the camps without hindrance and bring out those who wished to return to their own country , Morocco , leaving those who — according to the Frente POLISARIO — wanted to remain in Tindouf . The numbers of detainees kept fluctuating , a further reason to let his group visit and count them and offer the necessary help . A vast amount of the food aid donors intended for the Tindouf camps had been deliberately and illicitly used for other purposes , such as military projects that cost more than the entire global budget of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees ( UNHCR ) , by the Frente POLISARIO and their henchmen , with the indulgence of Algeria .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	64	The main objectives of a regulatory framework are to ( i ) induce the regulated firm to operate at lowest ( efficient ) possible costs and ( ii ) align revenues with costs , allowing the firm to earn only “ normal ” profits . Often these objectives must be traded off , since firms have incentives to increase efficiency only if they can keep some of the resulting gains . Other objectives may include increased coverage , improved quality of service , and universal service .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	23	Secondly , I will explain our vote on draft resolution A/C.1/60/L.26/Rev.1 . Pakistan has voted in favour of the draft resolution , in keeping with our long-standing and consistent record of support for the objectives of the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty ( CTBT ) . However , as regards the call in the draft resolution for promoting signatures and ratifications , leading to the entry into force of the CTBT , this of course be facilitated when major erstwhile supporters of the CTBT decide to restore their support .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	47	In that report I wrote that , “ The operation of judicial bodies can not be left entirely to the vagaries of voluntary financing ” . The Lebanese authorities acknowledged in our consultations that Lebanon should make a financial contribution to the tribunal in an amount in keeping with the financial situation of the country . The establishment of a tribunal makes it necessary that sources of funding be found to ensure that the tribunal has adequate funds to guarantee its continuity and effective functioning .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	33	Several delegations considered that the text of the preamble as contained in the draft convention presented by India would be adequate and should be adopted . Other delegations indicated that they wished to keep all the proposals contained in the appendix open for discussion . Article 1
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	34	Its actions solely aimed at protecting law and order as well as the lives and properties of its citizens . What would the world look like if every action by the national authorities to keep law and order were subject to the kind of tests adopted by the ICC Prosecutor ? 6.3 Unfortunately , the actions of the rebel groups led to more internal displacement to government-controlled areas and exodus of refugees to neighbouring countries .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	81	( d ) The above-mentioned derogation possibilities would cover third parties also , but only under specific conditions ; this point was to be raised in connection with the discussions on jurisdiction and arbitration ; ( e ) As to the mandatory protection of third parties , the requirement of documents was established , however , making efforts to reconcile such an approach and an approach where the third parties were specified ; should this fail , both alternatives should be kept for the time being for further discussions ; and ( f ) A one-way mandatory system concerning the carrier should be maintained and the system should include maritime performing parties .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	45	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of assistance programmes to the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations decisions relating thereto , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea level rise , and recalling the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly ,
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	32	The new reporting process for National Committees and its successful implementation in 2003 constitute a major improvement . The retention rate is the portion ( 25 per cent ) of gross proceeds kept by National Committees for their own expenditure . The contribution rate ( to UNICEF , the other 75 per cent ) is based on strategies , planned activities and agreed structures , through annual work planning for each National Committee .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	53	Pledges by partners range from doubling official development assistance to Africa from its current level to $ 50 billion dollars by 2010 , and debt relief to address the pressing challenges in the areas of agriculture , health , education and infrastructure . Ethiopia welcomes those efforts. We are confident that , in keeping with the title of the Advisory Panel 's report , we will be able to move from rhetoric to action . Malaria is one of Ethiopia 's foremost health problems , ranking at the top of the list of communicable diseases .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	38	Mr. Pant ( Nepal ) : My delegation has taken the floor to explain its vote after the vote . We voted in favour of the draft resolution on anti-personnel landmines , contained in document A/C.1/58/L.43 , in keeping with our strong moral commitment to it . Nepal has always remained an advocate of the Ottawa Convention on Landmines .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	109	In this regard , the attention paid to the work of this current session of the General Assembly by many heads of State is impressive . The statements made by Mr. George Bush , the President of the United States ; Mr. Vladimir Putin , the President of the Russian Federation ; Mr. Jacques Chirac , the President of France ; Mr. Gerhard Schroeder , Chancellor of Germany , as well as other heads of State , despite certain differences in approach , clearly have shown the desire to have a definite role for the United Nations in building the new world order , one that is better in keeping with the aspirations of all people on Earth . The most efficient way of overcoming disagreements in political practice is to search for compromise .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	67	In any case , it is imperative that a solution be found by the deadline that we have set , that is , by the end of 2006 , both in order to assuage any feelings of impatience and to prevent any further delays in resolving a problem that threatens regional stability . Whatever form the future status of Kosovo may take , it must be in keeping with the European architecture . From that perspective , we deem imperative progress towards achieving a multi-ethnic and democratic society .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	88	With a view to strengthening legal controls on the accumulation and transfer of small arms , the participants proposed to seek agreement among Governments in the region to limit transfers of small arms to States and to develop a regional small arms register and/or regular information exchange mechanisms between Governments at the subregional level ( i.e. , monthly exchange of information on small arms destroyed ) . On enhancing the operational capacity of Governments to combat illicit arms trafficking , the participants proposed to improve marking , record keeping and tracing and to build the capacity of border guards , customs , police and the judiciary to detect and prosecute criminals engaged in illicit trafficking . Proposals to remove and destroy surplus weapons and seizures of illicit arms included the collection and destruction of surplus military weapons and the destruction of illicit weapons seized by the police and military .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	51	Note verbale dated 31 December 2003 from the Permanent Representative of the Syrian Arab Republic to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General and to the President of the Security Council This decision reflects the vital importance of freeing the Middle East from all weapons of mass destruction , and of keeping the issue under consideration by the Council , in the interest of maintaining peace and security in the region and ensuring the prosperity of its peoples . The Permanent Representative of the Syrian Arab Republic to the United Nations requests that the present note be circulated as a document of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly , under agenda item 70 , and of the Security Council .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	32	No further constraint on the deployment of resources should be applied by any body outside of the OIOS . The OIOS will be accountable for the completion of its plan and for keeping within budget to the management sponsor . The IAAC will periodically review the OIOS ' assessments of risk and controls based upon its completion of the strategic and operational plans and will receive periodic debriefs from the OIOS on its operations .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	79	In addition , financial booms need to be managed prudentially since economic crises incubate during periods marked by excessive capital inflows . There are three courses of action countries can take to protect themselves from external fluctuations : first , the adoption of sound fiscal policies with a structurally balanced focus and an inter-temporal horizon ; second , the adoption of sound monetary policies founded upon the existence of an autonomous central bank , whose main task is to keep inflation under control ; and third , the adoption of measures to control the open positions taken by banks and their main debtors while avoiding currency and maturity mismatches . The participants in the general discussion noted the importance of the private sector 's involvement in solving crises , especially in connection with debt restructuring .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its sixty-first session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Integrated Mission in Timor-Leste ” . Provisional agenda for the 5631st meeting of the Security Council
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	46	A full assessment of the implications of this Directive has been undertaken for the purpose of introducing additional legislation where required and taking whatever other steps are necessary to fully comply with this Directive . Part of the Euratom requirement is that operating records must be kept and produced by Member States in order to permit for accounting of these materials . The detailed record-keeping requirements are set out in a Regulation made by the Commission and approved by the Council ( currently Commission Regulation ( Euratom ) No. 3227/76 ) , which is directly applicable in Ireland .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	36	“ our unwavering determination and commitment to overcoming the world drug problem through domestic and international strategies to reduce both the illicit supply of and the demand for drugs ” ( A/RES/S-20/2 , para . In keeping with this agreement , it is our understanding that paragraph 65 reflects the global community 's commitment to reducing the supply of illicit narcotic drugs and psychotropic substances . In my delegation 's view , adding the word “ illicit ” before “ narcotic drugs ” would more accurately have reflected the intent of this special session and been consistent with the purposes of the relevant conventions , which is to ensure that narcotic drugs and psychotropic substances continue to be available for legitimate medical and scientific purposes while efforts are made to minimize diversion to the illicit market .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	65	Millennium Development Goal 8 on a global partnership was a vital prerequisite for attaining the other Goals , but a shift from a market-oriented to a human rights-based approach was called for in order to achieve the Goals. The need to challenge the trade liberalization agenda in the Doha multilateral negotiations and to prioritize development concerns was expressed . There were also strong calls for keeping to the commitment to devote 0.7 per cent of gross national income to official development assistance , innovative sources of finance and ensuring immediate and wide-ranging debt relief and cancellation . It was felt that the outcome document should give greater attention to the need to enhance democracy and accountability in international decision-making , including through increasing participation of developing countries .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	28	Property rights of married and common-law couples The Family Law from 1999 introduced significant novelties in the area of regulation of property rights of spouses and these were kept in the new family legislation . The Law stipulates that : « Mutual property of the spouses is property which the spouses acquired by their work while they were married or which derives from that property ( Article 248 ) , while individual property is property that « a spouse owns at the moment of entering a marriage» ( Article 253 para .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	28	After all , nation-building requires time , patience , sustained effort and deep commitment in order for the process to become irreversible . International support is essential to keep Timor-Leste on the track of development . On this point , my delegation is of the view that the crucial engine that will drive Timor-Leste back onto the right track is a continued , sustained and appropriately constituted United Nations presence in that country .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	66	This is one of the ways of education of children on future family relations ( children 's upbringing is a mutual right and duty of both parents , and not as it was traditionally considered only the right and duty of mother ) . With the purpose of efficient protection of rights and well being of a child in the new Family Law the provision was kept that stipulates that everybody is obliged to inform social welfare centre on violation of the rights of a child . Social welfare centre is obliged to question the case and undertake measures for protection of child 's rights .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	38	He underscored the important role played by the specialized agencies and the international institutions associated with the United Nations in assisting the Non-Self-Governing Territories to develop their capacity to assume the responsibilities of self-government . That was in keeping with Article 73 b of the Charter of the United Nations on the development of self-government , which was a responsibility of both Governments and the United Nations system . He therefore welcomed the successful integration of many of the Non-Self-Governing Territories into the work of several United Nations bodies , which was helping to strengthen the territories ' administrative and human resource capacity and contributing to their social , economic and political development .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	63	The Cuban Government has always been involved in continuously seeking resources , alternatives and solutions to economic and social problems in order to guarantee basic services and empower various sectors of society by means of just policies that encourage participation and offer equal opportunities and access . The economic and social policies that have always characterized our Cuban revolutionary project have been in keeping with the aspirations and objectives of equity and justice that we seek for our entire population . Such policies are being continued , despite over 45 years of American hostility , one of the worst examples of which was the genocidal unilateral blockade imposed upon our people , reinforced by new measures that were adopted by the Government of the United States on 6 May and put into practice on 30 June 2004 .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	46	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of programmes of assistance to the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations decisions relating to decolonization , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly ,
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	53	The Centre for Education in Support of Development ( CED ) is a promising educational alternative which gives children nine to 15 years of age who have either never attended school or have dropped out an opportunity to receive formal instruction and training . The numbers of girls and boys taking part are kept rigorously equal . The programme includes preparatory vocational training as well as theoretical courses , and gives participants the opportunity to acquire skills and know-how that will enable them to take part in the country 's economic life .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	53	The Special Rapporteur agreed that it was necessary to define the compulsion that the conduct of a State must involve in order for it to be qualified as “ expulsion ” . Lastly , with regard to the concepts of “ territory ” and “ frontier ” , the Special Rapporteur insisted on keeping the proposed definitions . The definition of “ territory ” corresponded to the unanimously accepted one , which included , in particular , internal waters and the territorial sea .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	48	We are resolutely committed to work hand in hand with our international partners in general , and with our friends in the region in particular , to resolve all outstanding issues that compromise trust and harmony . The President : Once again , I appeal to Members to keep to the agreed time limit and to pay attention to the light on the speaker 's table . The General Assembly will now hear an address by His Excellency Mr. Youssouf Ouédraogo , Minister of State , Foreign Affairs and Regional Cooperation of Burkina Faso .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	40	And all the time , she had the heat of hatred in her , like charcoal that is burning on its under side , but not visibly . A ripple ran through the muscles of his jaws , but he kept control upon his voice . `` There must be some water under there '' .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	54	The records which are to be kept are those relative to the verification of the identity of a person and those containing details concerning all transactions carried out by that person in the course of an established business relationship . The Regulations lay down a stipulated timeframe within which the said records must be kept . The commencement of this time frame varies according to the nature of the records as provided in Section 9 ( 2 ) .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	62	He did confirm that the company had been formed in 1989 and that the trading activity of the Establishment was transferred to the company at that time . The category “ D ” claimant made conflicting statements as to whether the business of the Establishment continued to operate separately after the company 's formation or whether the licence of the Establishment was kept solely for the purpose of the outstanding imports effected in the name of the Establishment . On the basis of the totality of the evidence submitted , and applying the evidentiary standard applicable to “ E4 ” claims , the Panel finds that the individual stand alone claimant has proved the company 's ownership of the disputed vehicles .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	57	For countries that have formulated a PRSP , the choice of millennium development goal indicators must be consistent with indicators used to monitor PRSP goals and targets , and PRSP targets in turn should provide the intermediate means to monitor millennium development goal progress . The United Nations Statistical Commission may wish to consider the need to keep some degree of flexibility to reflect national priorities and specific circumstances vis-à-vis the need to harmonize the use of indicators for global millennium development goal monitoring . The millennium development goal country reports primarily address a national audience , with a clear focus on progress at the subnational level .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	56	It must be made clear , however , that this is due to the positions taken and the complexity of the subject material and not to the Group 's methods of work . The Working Group is , and must continue to be , the appropriate forum for negotiations to achieve an overall reform , in keeping with the General Assembly 's mandate . To disband the Group would set a dangerous precedent : it would mean ignoring not only the work that has already done but also its importance as a representative and democratic body of the General Assembly in which participation by all States Members of the United Nations is guaranteed .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	93	It welcomes the adoption by the Assembly of resolution ES-10/17 of 15 December 2006 on the establishment of the United Nations Register of Damage Caused by the Construction of the Wall in the Occupied Palestinian Territory , and calls upon the Secretary-General to make the requested appointments without further delay , so that the office of the Register of Damage will be operational as early as possible , but not later than 15 June 2007 , as stipulated in the resolution . As requested by the Assembly , the Committee will continue to keep the situation under review and to promote a constructive analysis and discussion of these issues by the international community . The Committee expressed concern at the continuation by Israel of illegal settlement activities and the construction of the wall in and around East Jerusalem. These activities further isolate the city from the rest of the Occupied Palestinian Territory. The construction is having a detrimental effect on the lives of Palestinians and could prejudge a final status agreement on Jerusalem .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	25	“ 9. Requests the Rapporteur to report to the Special Committee in 2001 on the implementation of the present resolution ; “ 10. Decides to keep the question of Puerto Rico under continuous review. ” Consideration of other matters
keep%2:35:10::	keep.v	33	Affairs - the author was kept 16 hours in Austrian detention . A similar event had already occurred on the occasion of a visit by the author to Canada , when he was kept detained for six days in Toronto in June 1996 , allegedly because the Croatian Government had accused him of subversive activities . 4.3 The author rejects as incorrect the Government 's argument that the legal procedures related to the evacuation and dispossession of the flat used as an office of the author 's political party had nothing to do with discrimination on the basis of political opinion .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	46	Briefly we rolled over a paved road up to Pak Song , on the cool Bolovens Plateau . The Prince visited the hospital of Operation Brotherhood , supported by the Junior Chamber of Commerce of the Philippines , and fed rice to two pet elephants he kept at his residence at Pak Song . In the village of Soukhouma , which means `` Peaceful '' , we had a baci .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	64	Bearing in mind the recent developments and initiatives at the international , regional and subregional levels to prevent and suppress international terrorism , Recalling its decision in resolutions 54/110 of 9 December 1999 , 55/158 of 12 December 2000 and 56/88 of 12 December 2001 that the Ad Hoc Committee established by General Assembly resolution 51/210 of 17 December 1996 should address , and keep on its agenda , the question of convening a high-level conference under the auspices of the United Nations to formulate a joint organized response of the international community to terrorism in all its forms and manifestations , Noting regional efforts to prevent , combat and eliminate terrorism in all its forms and manifestations , wherever and by whomsoever committed , including through the elaboration of and adherence to regional conventions ,
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	42	Peacekeeping is a costly instrument ; this year , peacekeeping outlays will be more than twice the regular budget of the United Nations . Yet the general membership , which pays the bills and for whom the peace is expected to be kept , has little information on how peacekeeping operations are run , on the problems they face , on why certain mandates are set or changed , or on when and why they are strengthened , scaled down or ended . There is not one word on this in the report .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	47	Argentina is aware that the drafting of treaties is not enough in itself ; rather , this must be accompanied by effective implementation at the national level , demonstrating the real will and commitment of States to comply with them . Our country reaffirms its commitment to keep on taking all the legislative , police , intelligence , financial and other kinds of measures needed to contribute to our common fight . We believe that the coordination of activities to control and monitor the transfer of material , equipment and sensitive and dual-use technologies , together with the exchange of information among pertinent State agencies , should be further developed .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	25	“ 9. Requests the Rapporteur to report to the Special Committee in 2001 on the implementation of the present resolution ; “ 10. Decides to keep the question of Puerto Rico under continuous review. ” C. Action taken by the General Assembly
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	47	Jamaica supports General Assembly resolutions calling for an end to the economic , commercial and financial embargo against Cuba , consistent in the belief that such actions are contrary to the Charter of the United Nations and international law . The support of Jamaica is also in keeping with its strict adherence to the principle of sovereign equality of States , non-intervention and peaceful coexistence . The capacity and potential of Cuba to implement and sustain measures and programmes that would contribute meaningfully to national development and growth , especially in the trade and investment sectors , are hindered significantly by the United States embargo that has been imposed for too many decades .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	26	Nevertheless , such efforts and the promising outcomes they may yield require genuine , continuous and tangible international support . That is why our partners must keep their promises . The current Chair of the African Union , President Kikwete of the United Republic of Tanzania , brilliantly described to the Assembly the situation in our continent and indicated the way forward .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	36	This event marks the creation of the legal foundation for a new international association , the establishment of which we proclaimed in June 2001 in Shanghai . We believe that the establishment of SCO is in keeping with the actual situation in the region and in the world , and also corresponds to the fundamental interests of the peoples of the six countries . SCO is the successor of the “ Shanghai Five ” and was established on the basis of two agreements , which were innovative for the Asian continent , on confidence-building measures in the military sphere and on arms reductions .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Force in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its sixty-first session , under the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations peacekeeping forces in the Middle East ” , the sub-item entitled “ United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon ” . * On behalf of the States Members of the United Nations that are members of the Group of 77 and China .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	91	The Convention has a few provisions contemplating an agreement between the members of a container pool and written undertakings to be entered into by the parties that may generally give rise to the same types of issue as those raised under similar provisions in the Convention on the Limitation Period in the International Sale of Goods ( see paras . 7-19 above ) . More specifically , article 5 , paragraph 1 ( b ) , requires the members of a pool , inter alia , to “ ( ii ) keep records , for each type of container , showing the movement of containers so exchanged ” . It should be noted that article 5 , paragraph 3 ( b ) , makes the applicability of the facilities provided in article 4 ( tax-free importation of containers , exemption from presentation of customs documents ) subject to communication of the pool agreement to , and approval by , the competent customs authorities .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	93	Mr. Llanos ( Chile ) ( spoke in Spanish ) : My delegation wishes to make a statement concerning the content of operative paragraph 66 of the draft resolution on sustainable fisheries , contained in document A/59/L.23 , on which action will be taken shortly . Chile joins the consensus on the understanding that , in keeping with the rights of sovereignty and jurisdiction established by the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea for coastal States in their economic exclusive zones , it is incumbent on those States , in keeping with their circumstances , to consider conservation and sustainable management measures , in accordance with that Convention and international law . Ms. Zanelli ( Peru ) ( spoke in Spanish ) : Peru wishes to make a statement in connection with operative paragraph 66 of the draft resolution contained in document A/59/L.23 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	11	[ Original : Arabic ] [ 5 June 2002 ] In keeping with its endorsement of General Assembly resolution 56/9 of 27 November 2001 , the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya once again affirms that it opposes the economic , commercial and financial embargo imposed by the United States against Cuba on the grounds that such an embargo is in flagrant violation of the purposes and principles of the United Nations and of the principles of the Organization 's Charter that require its Members to resolve their disputes and differences by peaceful means . In conformity with the purposes and principles of the United Nations and out of respect for the norms of international law , the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya has neither promulgated nor applied any laws of the kind referred to in General Assembly resolution 56/9 .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	38	In my view , the towing of diplomatic vehicles in circumstances of public safety is not per se objectionable . As a practical matter , it may be necessary to tow a car to a place of safe keeping , and this also is not legally objectionable . However , a diplomatic car towed to a place of safe keeping must be made available at any time it is reclaimed , and the payment of a fine or charge can not be made a precondition for its recovery.7 The “ towed vehicle procedure ” in appendix IV of the Parking Programme does not contradict these principles , since diplomatic vehicles will be released on demand and without charge if properly registered and insured .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	32	In this context , we welcome the Brahimi report 's emphasis on preventive action and peace-building . Secondly , when the United Nations is deployed , there must be a peace to keep . There are real dangers in sending troops indefinitely into harm 's way in the absence of a clear peace plan and reasonable prospects of achieving it .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	32	The EU also supports the progress made by the Central Asian States to create a Nuclear-Weapon-Free Zone in their region . The EU hopes that outstanding questions can be resolved , in keeping with the principles and guidelines in the 30 April 1999 report from the United Nations Disarmament Commission . The EU appeals to the States Parties to the Treaty of Pelindaba which have yet to ratify the Treaty in order to bring it into force , to do so without delay .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	79	It was felt that including a provision such as draft paragraph 95 ( 4 ) was an important part of the overall compromise intended to provide sufficient protection for contracting parties under the volume contract framework ( A/CN.9/594 , para. 160 ) . As regards which provisions should be included in such a list , it was agreed that all of the references in the then draft paragraph 95 ( 4 ) as set out in A/CN.9/WG.III/WP.61 should be kept in the text ( A/CN.9/594 , para . The last time that the Working Group had discussed matters related to volume contracts had been at its nineteenth session ( New York , 16-27 April 2007 ) , when it considered a proposal for amendments to the provisions dealing with volume contracts that included essentially three elements ( see A/CN.9/WG.III/WP.88 and A/CN.9/612 ) .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	63	Turkey believes that once it reaches its authorized strength , AMISOM will be able to help turn the tide and assist the TFG in expanding the areas it controls . In this context , it will be important for those nations that have expressed their intention to provide troops to AMISOM to follow through on their promises and for the United Nations to keep providing its support , as outlined in Security Council resolution 1872 ( 2009 ) . Turkey attributes great importance to the calls made by the African Union and other regional organizations with regard to Somalia .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	63	Article 69 : Measures taken to ensure that migrant workers in an irregular situation do not persist in this condition within the territory of a State party and circumstances to take into account in case of regularization procedures . Article 70 : Measures taken to ensure that living conditions of migrant workers and members of their families in a regular situation are in keeping with the standards of fitness , safety , health and principles of human dignity . Article 71 : Repatriation of the bodies of deceased migrant workers or members of their families and compensation matters relating to the death .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	27	It specifies the types of weapons which may be traded , all of which are small weapons for personal defence . The weapons stockpile is controlled by keeping the weapons in depots which meet all the requirements for ensuring the stockpile against all risks . Appropriately well-qualified security managers are appointed to safeguard such weapons depots and regular spot inventories are planned and carried out in order to check that the weapons stocks are complete .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	25	Organization of work In section II.A , paragraph 20 , of its resolution 57/283 B , the General Assembly encouraged the Committee on Conferences to keep under continued review the procedures for the participation of observers in the work of the Committee . Adoption of the report
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	85	The main tasks of the Human Relations Task Force were as follows : ( a ) facilitate implementation of the human resources measures emanating from the Executive Group report and ( b ) ensure compliance with the provisions of the United Nations Staff Regulations and Rules . As a result of its work , the Task Force was able to identify individuals who would be affected by the implementation of Executive Group decisions and to determine which action to take vis-à-vis those individuals while fully keeping within the established human resources norms . As already reported in DP/2002/CRP.10 , the Task Force conducted its work on the basis of the detailed Human Resources Guidelines , developed especially for this purpose , as well as a set of Selection Guidelines .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	30	The submission of reports and financial statements created mechanisms to ensure that a nonprofit organisation complies with its constitution and the Act . The Director of Nonprofit Organisations must also keep a register in the prescribed form of all nonprofit organisations that have been registered , all nonprofit organisations whose registrations have been cancelled , and all nonprofit organisations that have voluntarily deregistered or have been wound up or dissolved . Income Tax Act 58 of 1962
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	56	However , in the prevailing conditions and in the absence of any complaint in this respect by or on behalf of employees , the Falkland Islands Government has seen no need to make such an order , though it would of course consider doing so if employment circumstances were to change . The Government continues to keep the issue under review . The Equal Employment Ordinance 1998 and the Sex Discrimination Ordinance 1998 are intended to ensure that women are treated on equal terms with men in the field of employment and , in particular , that all are entitled to equal pay for equal work or work of equal value .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	54	The budget proposals should be examined carefully to identify even greater savings than the $ 11.5 million that had been identified by the Advisory Committee . In addition , all current and subsequent add-ons should be scrutinized to determine whether it was appropriate to proceed with them , and should then be prioritized , keeping in mind not only the Secretariat 's objectives but also the realities of the budget . Mr. Guerber ( Switzerland ) said that , far from representing zero growth , the estimated programme budget showed an increase of some 25 per cent in real value , when add-ons were taken into account .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	40	Non-governmental actors in Palestine and Israel are today announcing a draft peace plan which could emerge as a starting point for new negotiations . The success of any such process will be determined largely by whether its results are in keeping with the requirements of international law and all United Nations resolutions . Civil society organizations around the world recognize that as representatives of all the Member States of the United Nations , as constituents of the most democratic organ within the United Nations family , you , Excellencies , hold a grave responsibility .
keep%2:31:00::	keep.v	28	Let us double or triple the number of inspectors and open up more regional offices . Let us go further : Why not establish a specialized body to keep under surveillance the sites and areas already inspected ? Let us substantially increase the capabilities for monitoring and collecting information on Iraqi territory .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	33	Regarding the external debt crisis and development , CARICOM was concerned at increasing tensions between debtor countries and the international financial institutions over the disbursement of funds under the HIPC Initiative . In keeping with the Monterrey Consensus , every effort should be made by the international community to ensure full implementation of the Initiative and to enable developing countries to recover from the debt crisis . The United Nations Commission on International Trade Law ( UNCITRAL ) had expertise which could be drawn upon .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	27	Strong international support , in the framework of South-South cooperation and North-South partnerships , was essential to that initiative 's success . Donors must do more to keep their promises to increase development assistance flows and debt relief . Despite the strong commitments made in 2005 , ODA flows had declined in 2006 and might continue to decline in 2007 as well .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	18	Coordination of United Nations agencies in Ecuador The practice of inter-agency coordination at the country level is in keeping with the United Nations reform and with the Permanent Forum 's mandate to heighten awareness about indigenous issues and promoting integration and coordination of all activities related to these issues within the United Nations system . C. Cooperation among United Nations agencies in Ecuador
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Operation in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-ninth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Operation in Côte d'Ivoire ” . 46th plenary meeting 29 October 2004
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	14	The use of bulk handling is continuously growing . Computers are being used to keep branch inventories at more workable levels . `` Selective selling '' - concentrating sales on the larger accounts - has been used effectively by some manufacturers .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	55	We need both Israeli and Palestinian Governments clearly committed to a two-State solution , achieved peacefully through negotiations on all core issues ; to implementing their Road Map commitments ; and to changing the dynamics in Gaza . International determination is stronger than ever before to ensure that commitments made are commitments monitored and commitments kept . The President : I thank Mr. Serry for his briefing .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	25	Legislative and regulatory framework Parties to the Basel and Stockholm Convention should examine national controls , standards and procedures to ensure that they are in keeping with the conventions and their obligations under them , including those that pertain to ESM of wastes consisting of , containing or contaminated with PCBs . Elements of a regulatory framework applicable to PCBs , PCTs and PBBs could also include the following :
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	53	Having considered the reports of the Commission on the work of its resumed fortieth and its forty-first sessions , Reiterating its concern that activities undertaken by other bodies in the field of international trade law without adequate coordination with the Commission might lead to undesirable duplication of efforts and would not be in keeping with the aim of promoting efficiency , consistency and coherence in the unification and harmonization of international trade law , Reaffirming the mandate of the Commission , as the core legal body within the United Nations system in the field of international trade law , to coordinate legal activities in this field , in particular to avoid duplication of efforts , including among organizations formulating rules of international trade , and to promote efficiency , consistency and coherence in the modernization and harmonization of international trade law , and to continue , through its secretariat , to maintain close cooperation with other international organs and organizations , including regional organizations , active in the field of international trade law ,
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	35	It is incumbent on the United Nations , the only international organization of universal vocation , to identify within itself the resources for the resolution of problems of global concern . The United Nations should keep working tenaciously to renew its structures and improve its operational performance as we advance into the new millennium . Romania is ready and willing to add its contribution to that effort .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	24	Only then will there be peace , security , respect and harmony in the Middle East . Until that time comes , we must keep the legal status of the occupied Palestinian territory well defined . In that connection , we call on Member States to vote in favour of the draft resolution before us today .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	50	It also commended United Kingdom on its recent decision not to deport a young gay person to a country which maintains the death penalty for homosexuality , and hoped the United Kingdom would continue to follow the Yogyakarta Principles in future cases . The Netherlands recommended that the United Kingdom keep the Human Rights Council informed about counter-terrorism legislation and the safeguards to protect human rights . The United States of America noted that prisons throughout the United Kingdom are overcrowded and there have been allegations that the number of inmate suicides has increased .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	25	Paragraph 4 It was suggested that a time limit should be specified in paragraph 4 with respect to the period during which the carrier should keep the proceeds . The Working Group was in agreement that the paragraph should be retained and that the matter of the time limit should be determined by national law .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	30	Recording of custody as a safeguard against ill-treatment During the visit , the delegation reviewed the custody records in all police stations visited and was informed about the system for keeping of registers and books . In some police stations visited , the delegation was also informed that the police have an obligation to provide an arrest sheet for the detainee within 24 hours of the arrest .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	67	The report of the Secretary-General on the use and application of United Nations standards and norms in crime prevention and criminal justice ( E/CN.15/2001/9 ) will be before the Commission at its tenth session . In its resolution 1990/51 , the Economic and Social Council requested the Committee on Crime Prevention and Control ( now superseded by the Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice ) to keep the question of capital punishment under review . In its resolution 1995/57 , the Council recommended that the quinquennial reports of the Secretary-General should continue to cover also the implementation of the safeguards guaranteeing protection of the rights of those facing the death penalty .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	26	Foreigners living in Germany could therefore be deported if they are suspected of terrorist activities or supporting terrorists . The fingerprints of all asylum-seekers will be kept for 10 years and systematically compared with evidence found by the police at crime scenes . Associations of foreigners whose objectives or activities might harm or jeopardize the fundamental interests of the country are prohibited by this law .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	50	The Information and Administrative Office will have a head assuring the proper coordination of its work . Furthermore , the staff of the Information and Administrative Office will ensure the necessary administrative needs of the directorate and the Counter-Terrorism Committee , taking into account , among other things , the keeping of centralized files , registry and database , editing of the reports and support staff . Outline of the cost forecast for the Counter-Terrorism Committee Executive Directorate
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	40	Within a 24-hour period close to 17 , 000 people visited the site ; of these , some 7 , 000 signed on to the Stand Up campaign . Furthermore , more than 4 , 000 people asked to be kept informed about UNIFEM , thus expanding the organization 's constituency beyond the single issue . On 26 November , UNIFEM launched a global Internet-based advocacy campaign , Say NO to Violence against Women with UNIFEM Goodwill Ambassador Nicole Kidman ( www.saynotoviolence.org ) .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	57	Welcomes the annual contribution of 1.2 million euros pledged for 2009 , 2010 and 2011 by the host Governments of the Convention Secretariat to offset planned expenditures ; Adopts the indicative scale of contributions for the apportionment of expenses for 2009-2011 set out in table 3 of the present decision and authorizes the Executive Secretaries , in keeping with the financial rules , to adjust the scale to include all Parties for which the Convention enters into force before 1 January 2009 for 2009 , before 1 January 2010 for 2010 and before 1 January 2011 for 2011 ; Decides to set the level of the working capital reserve at 15 per cent of the average annual operational budgets for 2009-2011 ;
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	59	This gentlemen kept one of Lumumba 's teeth as a talisman and displayed it on television , admitting that they had dismembered Lumumba 's body , dissolved it in sulphuric acid and kept his tooth as a charm . These universal judges have not been moved to prosecute the person who boasts of having dissolved Lumumba 's body and kept one of his teeth . I think these people intend to open a museum some time soon and to grow rich charging admission to see Lumumba 's tooth .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	75	It is expected that revenue during 2002 will increase by about EC $ 1.7 million due to income to be generated from the helicopter and ferry services. Inflation for 2001 stood at 4.9 per cent . The Chief Minister has stated that one of the main goals of his Government 's economic policy in 2002 is to control inflation by working with the private sector to ensure that the prices of goods and services are kept under control . In his budget presentation , the Chief Minister stated that the overall thrust of the Government 's public finance strategy was to generate revenue through increased economic activity in key sectors .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	55	Conventions No. 103 : In its 2005 direct request , the Committee noted the information provided by the Inter-Union Assembly of Workers - National Convention of Workers ( PIT-CNT ) concerning the frequent failure to comply with the provisions of national laws and regulations relating to nursing breaks . The Committee requested the Government to keep it informed of the manner in which it ensures , in practice , compliance with the right of women workers to be able to nurse their child , on the understanding that the time granted for this purpose must in all cases be counted as working hours and remunerated accordingly , whether such time consists of nursing breaks or a reduction in daily working hours . Convention No. 100 : In its 2006 observation , the Committee noted that according to the Inter-Union Assembly of National Convention of Workers ( PIT-CNT ) wageboard decrees still contained discriminatory criteria , such as the female form of names for certain activities ( oficial cortadora ( cutter ) , mucama ( maid ) , secretaria ( secretary ) , lavandera ( washerwoman ) , operaria volante ( temporary manual worker ) , etc. ) and that 85 per cent of these decrees contain no general clauses on equality .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	79	Bearing in mind the recent developments and initiatives at the international , regional and subregional levels to prevent and suppress international terrorism , including those identified in the annex , Recalling its decision in resolutions 54/110 of 9 December 1999 , 55/158 of 12 December 2000 , 56/88 of 12 December 2001 , 57/27 of 19 November 2002 and 58/81 that the Ad Hoc Committee established by General Assembly resolution 51/210 of 17 December 1996 should address , and keep on its agenda , the question of convening a high-level conference under the auspices of the United Nations to formulate a joint organized response of the international community to terrorism in all its forms and manifestations , Aware of General Assembly resolution 57/219 of 18 December 2002 and 58/187 of 22 December 2003 ,
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	29	It also avoids the creation of any entirely new bureaucratic structures for some of the additional or expanded functions envisaged , such as knowledge management . This is in keeping with the conclusions and recommendations contained in paragraph 89 of the report of the Committee for Programme and Coordination ( A/62/16 ) . Finally , consolidating the many cross-cutting functions into one Division avoids the need for new posts at the senior level .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	69	On the question of expansion of the Security Council , Malaysia fully supports the expansion of both categories of membership on the basis of geographical distribution , to make it more representative , reflecting the geopolitics of today . As we have said in the past , if there is no agreement on expansion of the permanent membership , we should proceed with expansion of the non-permanent membership while keeping the issue of expansion of the permanent membership on the active agenda of the United Nations . In conclusion , Ambassador Diarra , my delegation once again expresses its support for you .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	12	Education was a fundamental and core priority for orphans ' rights . Keeping parents alive was also key to the response , and the UNICEF strategy was to provide better nutrition and treatment against opportunistic infections , including providing vitamins to infected children and parents , especially women . The panel highlighted the prevention of mother-to-child transmission ( PMTCT ) “ plus ” initiative that UNICEF , in partnership with WHO and Médecins sans frontières ( Doctors without Borders ) , was currently promoting and which included providing information on the sources and pricing of anti-retroviral drugs .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	35	Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations ( A/56/345 ) The Temporary President : Before turning to the other items on our agenda , I should like , in keeping with the established practice , to invite the attention of the General Assembly to document A/56/345 , which has been circulated in the General Assembly Hall this afternoon . It contains a letter from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the General Assembly , in which he informs the Assembly that 15 Member States are in arrears in the payment of their financial contributions to the United Nations within the terms of Article 19 of the Charter .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	55	Calls upon the Board of Trustees of the Fund to report to the Commission at its fifty-seventh session and to present an updated assessment of the global need for international funding of rehabilitation services for victims of torture and of lessons learned from the activities of the Fund ; Requests the Secretary-General to continue to keep the Commission informed of the operations of the Fund on an annual basis ; Urges States parties whose arrears pre-date the provision made by the Secretary-General for funding the Committee against Torture from the regular budget to fulfil their obligations forthwith ;
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	39	This high-level plenary meeting is therefore primarily about how well we have kept the commitments made , up to 2003 , and about whether we are on target to keep those commitments for 2005 . It is also about keeping commitments made in the Millennium Declaration to halt the spread of the disease and to begin the process of reversal by 2015 . Only if we keep our commitments will we reduce numbers such as the 42 million people estimated to be living with HIV/AIDS worldwide , half of whom are adult women and 95 per cent of whom live in the developing world .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	52	This was an opportunity to renew our commitment to the core principles of the United Nations Charter , including the establishment and consolidation of peace , security and development , and to the means of achieving those objectives . This is particularly true in the current sensitive international situation , which requires keeping the Organization 's activities and instruments up to date . “ That is the context for the desired aspect of sport as an influential factor in the life of our societies , along with their political and economic aspects .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	17	( a ) Interpret speeches made at meetings ; ( b ) Make and arrange for the keeping of sound recordings of meetings ; ( c ) Receive , translate and circulate the documents of the Review Conference ;
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	90	The Government believed that the provision of qualified assistance and professional consultation on migration issues would reduce the risk of trafficking for potential migrants and , accordingly , in March 2002 , the State Department for Migration and Refugees established a “ Migrants Service Point ” ( MSP ) , which was also implementing trafficking prevention programmes . The representative indicated that , although reported rates of crimes against women in the home were very low , it was generally acknowledged that they were underreported because of the desire to keep the family together for the sake of the children , financial dependence or fear of public opinion . Social and economic conditions also prevented reporting and prosecutions. Although the Criminal Code regulated acts of violence against women in general , there was no specific legislation on domestic violence , and large numbers considered that a man was justified in beating his wife in certain situations .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	54	His immediate motive for doing this may not have been directly inspired by the Lo Shu , but this measure must inevitably have increased the existing beliefs in the latter 's efficacy . After this time , inscriptions on the Han bronze mirrors , as well as other writings , emphasized the desirability of keeping one 's self at the center of the universe , where cosmic forces were strongest . Later , we shall see what happened when an emperor took this idea too literally .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	34	They express their support for efforts to be continued within the United Nations to explore further the issue of missiles in all its aspects . In this regard , they emphasize the need to keep the issue on the agenda of the United Nations General Assembly and that , in accordance with its resolution 59/67 , a Panel of Governmental Experts on the issue of missiles in all its aspects will be established in 2007. ” The first Panel of Governmental Experts , which was established in 2002 , adopted its report — the very first such report in the history of the United Nations — in which the issue of missiles in all its aspects was addressed comprehensively .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	93	Similarly , and as an unequivocal token of its commitment and constructive spirit , my Government has cooperated with the United Kingdom on practical aspects deriving from the de facto situation , with the due juridical protection and with the purpose of creating the framework that would allow both parties to resume the negotiations demanded by the international community . In spite of this , the United Kingdom has committed numerous unilateral acts in the disputed area , acts that Argentina does not accept , that it has protested and that it will keep on protesting . Those unilateral acts undermine the bilateral cooperation agreed under the sovereignty formula and run counter not only to bilateral understandings but also to the relevant United Nations resolutions .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	48	Usually , States provide that the creditor that takes the asset in satisfaction may keep it , even where the value of the asset exceeds the amount of the secured obligation still owed . That is , unlike the case of a sale , the secured creditor may keep a surplus . Concomitantly , many of these States provide that the secured creditor that accepts the asset in satisfaction of the obligation has no recourse for a deficiency against the grantor .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	78	The United States believes that concluding an FMCT is a desirable and achievable goal for the CD , which is why we tabled a draft text of such a treaty in this body last year , and we urge others to use this as a basis for finally beginning substantive work toward a goal we all share . There is a bit of American folk wisdom that applies to our situation in the CD : “ If you keep doing what have always done , you will keep getting the results you have always gotten ” . I do not believe many of our governments are willing to continue getting the results they have been getting from the CD .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	63	The Framework calls for the implementation of comprehensive social protection systems that include pensions , disability grants and improved access to health care and education while taking into account the unique circumstances of each country . The Framework also looks at social policy not as welfare or as providing social safety nets , but rather as a major pillar of development — in keeping with the themes of the World Summit for Social Development . Such a view will ensure equitable and socially sustainable development across the continent .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	21	The Commission decided that the damage had to be repaired or compensated quickly . It was reiterated that “ victims would keep the right to claim directly from Sandoz , and that the good offices of the respective Governments did not imply any recognition of liability or engage the liability of the Governments ” . The Swiss Government indicated that it would offer its “ good offices for the settlement of damages , and even envisaged working towards compensation for damages on an equity basis ( i.e. , in the cases where according to strict law no damages would need to be paid ” .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	54	Her delegation , however , supported the proposal by the Russian Federation in its working paper for conditions applying to the use of sanctions , as summarized in the report of the Special Committee ( A/63/33 , para . Remedial action was being taken by the Security Council , but the item should be kept on the agenda of the Special Committee , as a forum in which to raise concerns and as a check on the Council 's exercise of its powers in the matter of sanctions . She also suggested seeking the views of Governments as to the continued relevance of the topic .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	54	In this connection we stress the importance of the initiative launched by President Alejandro Toledo to promote cuts in Latin American defence spending and channel more resources towards poverty relief . We reiterate our support for general and complete nuclear disarmament under effective international supervision and the elimination of chemical and biological weapons in keeping with the provisions of international law . Similarly , we stress our countries ' commitment to the goals of non-proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and the adoption of a disarmament programme to do away with such weapons altogether .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	58	In this connection , I draw your attention particularly to the request addressed to you by your heads of State or Government to consider expeditiously the recommendations of the Panel on United Nations Peace Operations . As you know , the Panel 's recommendations are intended precisely to make this Organization more effective in its primary task of keeping the peace . Some of them fall within the area of responsibility of the Security Council , which decided , during its summit-level meeting last week , that it , too , would consider them expeditiously .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	17	An advanced search feature was introduced in 2003 to facilitate the screening of applicants . OIOS will keep this matter under review in the context of General Assembly resolution 57/305 . Recommendation 2
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	55	Venezuela resolutely supported the creation of an international criminal court , taking an active and constructive part in negotiating its establishment . It was one of the first Latin American countries to ratify the Rome Statute , inspired by a deep tradition of democracy , and respect for and promotion of human rights , in keeping with its priority of making justice effective , reliable and transparent , both domestically and on the international level . My country thus sent a message to the international community , which we now reaffirm before the Security Council , concerning the great significance we attach to the International Criminal Court as an autonomous , universal , complementary and impartial jurisdictional mechanism with which to try and punish those responsible for the most abominable international crimes .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	66	Spouses are equal in marriage , they consensually decide where to live , they are independent in choosing work and profession and they consensually decide about rearing their common children , how to organize mutual relations and how to do household work . At the point of entering in marriage , spouses come to an agreement about their surname so that they can each decide to keep their own surnames , to take either of their surnames to be their common , to take both of their surnames to be theirs or that one of the spouses adds to his/her surname the surname of the other spouse . There is no discrimination whatsoever related to sex .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	39	He stressed that the fund also finances programmes for national health system strengthening and national health strategies . Even though the funding of the Global Fund remains strong , despite the global financial crisis , the challenge lies in keeping global public health at the top of the international agenda . Dr. Sania Nishtar , President and CEO , Heartfile , showcased the Health Equity Financing Pilot project in Pakistan .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	63	The United Nations affirms , in respect of older persons ' participation , that they should form an integral part of the community , participate in the formulation of policies affecting them and share their knowledge and skills with younger generations . These principles state , with regard to care , that the persons in question should receive family and community care in keeping with the level of protection and the cultural benchmarks of the society in which they live . They should be able to obtain health care in order to maintain or regain psychological well-being so as to ward off or delay the onset of diseases causing disability .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	28	He took note of the Secretary-General 's reports on streamlining contractual arrangements and harmonizing conditions of service . Streamlining contracts would increase mobility and improve efficiency , in keeping with the overall thrust of human resources reform . However , it was quite likely that transitional problems would arise , and Member States should therefore take a cautious and incremental approach .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	40	The Administration added that the IMIS financial diagnostic tools were run routinely , either daily or weekly , to examine the integrity of the IMIS-posted accounting data . However , only the last eight runs of each diagnostic tool were kept in the system ; the older ones were deleted automatically . Results were monitored daily , and any issues were brought to the attention of the IMIS finance analyst and the Office of Programme Planning , Budget and Accounts for action .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	39	The Committee also acknowledges that the UNESCO World Education Report 2000 , entitled “ The Right to Education - Towards Education for All throughout Life ” , provides scope for further reflections on issues of critical importance . In keeping with its intellectual vocation and with its responsibility for following up the Dakar Framework , it is befitting for UNESCO to help States in developing legal and other strategies aimed at the realization of the right to education . Given the resolution adopted by the UNESCO General Conference in November 1999 ( 30 C/Res.15 ) regarding cooperation with the United Nations in monitoring the implementation of the right to education , the Committee is most willing , in a mutually complementary spirit , to strengthen such cooperation with UNESCO with a view to accomplishing our common objectives .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	68	The Committee also takes note of the delegation 's explanations in that regard , as well as of other reports that the State party has not made all the necessary efforts to ensure the smooth operation of CENI . In such conditions , the legislative elections of 27 October 2002 , in which part of the opposition again refused to participate , might not have been sufficiently in keeping with the requirements of transparency and honesty under article 25 of the Covenant . The State party should do everything in its power to ensure that the spirit and letter of the Lomé Framework Agreement are respected .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	13	Electronic and low-carbon versions of the report were now being produced . In keeping with UNIDO 's constitutional mandate , the Annual Report provided a comprehensive review of the Organization 's operational activities in such fields as technical cooperation management , funds mobilization , human resource management , field representation , partnerships with other agencies , advocacy and the progress both of its internal reforms and of its contribution to the broader efforts to promote United Nations system-wide coherence . The report provided detailed information on the range of technical cooperation activities undertaken in the context of UNIDO 's three thematic priorities and cross-cutting programmes and illustrated them with reference to specific programmes and projects in those areas .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	70	Female Prisoners with Dependent Children Penal policy requires that female prisoners who are pregnant or have babies up to six months of age are managed in a sensitive manner that takes into account their particular risks and needs , while optimising the well-being of the baby . The general practice in regard to a prisoner who is due to give birth while serving a sentence of imprisonment and wishes to keep the child is that the mother and baby should not be separated unless there is no practicable alternative . The Parole Act 2002 provides for the Minister of Corrections to grant the early release of a female prisoner who is serving a determinant sentence of imprisonment and who has given birth .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	77	As noted at para. 67 of A/CN.9/544 , the prevailing view in the Working Group was that Variants A , B and C of draft article 2 ( 1 ) in A/CN.9/WG.III//WP.32 should be deleted from the future revised version of the draft instrument. In addition , as noted at para . 74 of A/CN.9/544 , the Working Group decided that the “ second proposal ” for draft articles 1 and 2 ( 1 ) should be kept for continuation of the discussion at a future session . As noted at para. 75 of A/CN.9/544 , a further variant for draft article 1 ( a ) could be :
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	36	A marriage contract shall not give rise to sex discrimination . Upon marriage , the spouses shall , as they wish , choose the surname of either one of them as their common surname , or keep their respective premarital surnames , or attach the surname of the other spouse to their own surname . A change in the surname of one of the spouses shall not entail any change in the surname of the other ( Family Code , art .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	45	Reiterates its firm support for the mission of good offices of the Secretary-General in order to assist the parties in complying with the request made by the General Assembly in its resolutions on the question of the Falkland Islands ( Malvinas ) ; Decides to keep under review the question of the Falkland Islands ( Malvinas ) subject to the directives that the General Assembly has issued and may issue in that regard . Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	40	Regarding article 30 , two critical points were the subject of concern. The first related to the use of the words “ seek ” or “ obtain ” . Having heard all the positions presented , the facilitator strongly suggested keeping the original language , that is , the verb “ obtain ” . The second concern referred to the mechanism of redress .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	32	The seven administrative courts have been set up in the principal regions of the Kingdom . Their judges are governed by the Judiciary Regulations , but they are recruited and trained in keeping with their functions . General assemblies are held to define their internal mode of operation .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	45	Reiterates its firm support for the mission of good offices of the Secretary-General in order to assist the parties in complying with the request made by the General Assembly in its resolutions on the question of the Falkland Islands ( Malvinas ) ; Decides to keep under review the question of the Falkland Islands ( Malvinas ) subject to the directives that the General Assembly has issued and may issue in that regard . Sixty-third session
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	112	Please describe how your arms/arms broker licensing system , if any , can prevent Osama bin Laden , members of Al-Qaida organization and the Taliban and other individuals , groups , undertakings and entities associated with them from obtaining items under the established arms embargo . The Government of Fiji is the only arms broker in the country. Other licensing firms have to get approval from Government before any weapon is imported. In the last twenty years , the only bulk ordering of weapons was for the military and police. Non-governmental firms are only allowed to sell ammunitions. From 20 and 21 , a consolidated list of all license firearms holder is kept at the Commissioner of Police 's Office . Do you have any safeguards that the weapons and ammunition produced within your country will not be diverted/used by Osama bin Laden , members of Al-Qaida organization and the Taliban and other individuals , groups , undertakings and entities associated ?
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	54	A significant development for the benefit of education is the signature of the Bolivarian Alternative for the Americas ( ALBA ) , through which there will be joint implementation of policies geared to the establishment of inclusive , democratic and participatory education based on the principle of education as a human continuum . In keeping with the principle of reciprocity between peoples , Venezuela and Nicaragua have set out scenarios for cooperation in literacy campaigns , provision of teaching materials and exchange of knowledge and teaching practices between the two countries ' educational systems . In higher education , the parties agreed on implementing training courses in areas which have priority in both countries , and on implementing bi-national research projects to study problems of common interest to them or special interest to the region .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	47	The case was still ongoing but the Mission had recommended to the Office of Human Resources Management that the staff member be dismissed . ( b ) At MINUSTAH , there had been inadequate oversight in respect of aviation fuel operations , particularly in relation to record keeping . The deficiencies included adjusting meter totalizer records at the vehicle dispensing point and the drawing of fuel in containers .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	42	The advantage of paying full DSA and terminal expenses in advance is that the travel process becomes more straightforward , involving fewer transactions and less paperwork . The authorizing officers are responsible for certifying that travel is completed as planned and for keeping the necessary evidence for audit purposes , travel claims being prepared/processed only when there is a deviation from the approved itinerary . Since these cases may represent between one third and one half of all travel undertaken , according to the estimations made by relevant officials , the efficiency gains are , therefore , significant .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	39	The spaciousness of the Tudor cooking areas , for example , will provide needed space for the extra television sets required by modern butlers , cooks and maids . Also , perhaps , table-tennis and other indoor sports to keep them fit and contented . It 's a wonder , really , to how much mendacious trouble Larkin puts himself to sell the Jerebohms that preposterous manse .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	78	Mr. Lamine ( Niger ) ( spoke in French ) : It is an honour for me and affords me great pleasure to speak before this Assembly on behalf of the Government of the Niger and of His Excellency Mr. Mamadou Tandja , President of the Republic and head of State , on my country 's efforts in implementing the Declaration of Commitment on HIV/AIDS and the Political Declaration on HIV/AIDS . In this framework , and in keeping with regional commitments , in particular those contained in the Abuja Declaration on HIV/AIDS , Tuberculosis and Other Related Infectious Diseases , as well as those contained in the resolutions adopted by leaders worldwide and development partners , demanding that renewed efforts be made in the fight against HIV/AIDS , tuberculosis and malaria . We have continuously improved our national policy in this area .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	28	Thanks to sustained efforts , Albania has already established an encouraging climate for individual Albanian entrepreneurship as well as for foreign investment . Moreover , Albanian institutions will keep the struggle against terrorism , organized crime , illegal trafficking and corruption at the centre of their activities. The responsible commitment of the country 's leaders to an uncompromising struggle against those phenomena , as well as their cooperation with other countries in the region and beyond , has in most cases kept in check the activities of criminal elements who seek to exploit Albania as a transit country for various types of illegal trafficking . Ms. Dlamini Zuma ( South Africa ) , Vice-President , took the Chair .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	47	It is important to maintain the Secretary-General 's list on an annual basis , and to ensure that its scope be extended to situations not strictly on the Council 's agenda . Such an annual list will allow the Council to track progress made or commitments not kept . It can also request more detailed information on actions taken by the parties on the list and decide upon measures it may take to encourage greater progress in this regard .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	17	The programme should renew efforts to meaningfully involve children and youth in programming and implementation . In keeping with an internal review and subsequent discussions , the Tajikistan CPMP was developed to move the sub-office to full-fledged country office by 2005 . The MTR recommended reducing the number of projects from 11 to 8 , and endorsed the need to strengthen staffing patterns and capacities .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	58	Another fact to be stressed is that peace processes currently being undertaken in Africa rely on growing regional and subregional African diplomatic efforts and military components , thus demonstrating the strong and increasingly effective commitment of African States to intra-African solutions . Nevertheless , we should not expect the region to provide all the resources it needs to keep and build peace . The larger international community must do its share .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	88	The Council 's mission to the region was able to inform itself of that progress , and we congratulate the representatives of the countries members of the Conference for their efforts to find combined solutions in which not only the issues of peace and security but also the issues of social and economic development receive attention , because there can be no lasting peace as long as the current economic and social structures remain in place . We are all aware that the pace of work must be kept up and that all participants in the process , including the donor community , must fulfil their commitments and work for the early holding of the second summit conference . To conclude , I underline my country 's confidence in the political authorities and the leaders of the entire region and in their commitment to lasting peace in the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	35	The members of the Asian Group also extend our heartfelt condolences to the bereaved family of His Highness in their hour of grief . We are confident that the people of Samoa will continue to keep the dreams and legacy of His Highness alive and that Samoa and its people will reach greater heights in time to come , traversing the path of progress he envisioned . The President : I now give the floor to the representative of Latvia , who will speak on behalf of the Group of Eastern European States .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	61	At the Eighth Meeting of the States Parties , held at the Dead Sea from 18 to 22 November 2007 , it was agreed to hold the Ninth Meeting of the States Parties in Geneva from 24-28 November 2008 , as contained in paragraph 31 of the Final Report ( APLC/MSP.8/2007/6 ) . To prepare for the Ninth Meeting , in keeping with past practice , at the June 2008 meeting of the Standing Committee on the General Status and Operation of the Convention a provisional agenda , provisional programme of work , draft rules of procedure and draft cost estimates were presented . Based upon discussions at that meeting , it was the sense of the Co-Chairs of the Standing Committee on the General Status and Operation of the Convention that these documents were generally acceptable to the States Parties to be put before the Ninth Meeting for adoption .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	34	To keep under review the implementation of Article 4 and its impact on the implementation of the obligations on clearance , removal or destruction of ERW under Article 3 of the Protocol . To keep under review the potential environmental impact of ERW clearance . In accordance with the relevant decision of the Second Conference of the High Contracting Parties to Protocol V on Explosive Remnants of War , as contained in paragraph 46 ( b ) of its Final Document ( CCW/P.V/CONF/2008/12 ) the discussion on Clearance , Removal or Destruction of ERW , pursuant to Article 3 of the Protocol was coordinated by Ms. Renata Alisauskiene of Lithuania .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	56	Single parents and persons with disabilities may be approved for programs that are longer than two years . In January 2008 , Income Assistance for Persons with Disabilities benefit increased by 30 percent ; a new Job Seekers Allowance of $ 25 was introduced ; and work incentives were enhanced so that participants with earnings can keep $ 200 of earnings and 30 percent of earnings over $ 200 before benefits begin to be reduced . In April 2007 , child care fees were reduced and child care subsidy eligibility levels were increased , providing higher levels of assistance and supporting more families to access child care .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	38	Vernon was consummately fond of oysters , and Manning 's had been famous for them since the Civil War . Oyster salt roast - oysters on the half shell , cooked on a bed of coarse salt that kept them hot when served - was a standby at Manning 's . Its early morning patrons were coachmen , who fortified themselves for the day with that delicacy .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	45	The representatives of FICSA and CCISUA commended the organizations for their efforts to provide family-friendly working arrangements to their staff . FICSA fully supported the conclusions reached by the organizations , that is , that the mission subsistence allowance and special operations approach should be kept as two separate systems . This would not only support the differing organizational needs but would also concur with the views expressed by FICSA members at field duty stations .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	29	Not all States adopt identical rules to govern the effects of this particular remedy . Usually , States provide that the creditor that acquires the asset in satisfaction may keep it , even where the value of the asset exceeds the amount of the secured obligation still owed . This means that , unlike the case of a sale , the secured creditor may keep a surplus .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	95	The Committee emphasized that regional and interregional cooperation and coordination in the field of space activities were essential to strengthen the peaceful uses of outer space , to assist States in the development of their space capabilities and to contribute to the achievement of the Millennium Development Goals ( A/56/326 , annex ) . Some delegations were of the view that the Committee played a notable role in advancing space cooperation and provided a unique forum for the exchange of information among States and that there were tangible opportunities to enhance international cooperation , in keeping with the Committee 's mandate . Some delegations were of the view that in order to further the objective of promoting peaceful uses of outer space , it was important to preserve the principle embodied in article I of the Treaty on Principles Governing the Activities of States in the Exploration and Use of Outer Space , including the Moon and Other Celestial Bodies and that outer space should be used in a rational manner .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	30	We are confident that the new Treaty will strengthen the EU institutions and policies and will enhance its enlargement policy ; We are convinced that SEECP together with RCC should keep and enhance fruitful collaboration with EU Presidencies so as to maintain the South East Europe among their priorities during the terms-in-office ; We welcomed the European Council Declaration on the Western Balkans from 20 June 2008 , recognizing that considerable efforts have been made to render the European perspective of the Western Balkans more tangible and visible to people across the region ;
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	76	( b ) To continue to consider , on a priority basis and in an appropriate substantive manner and framework , the question of the implementation of the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations related to assistance to third States affected by the application of sanctions under Chapter VII of the Charter based on all of the related reports of the Secretary-General and the proposals submitted on the question ; ( c ) To keep on its agenda the question of the peaceful settlement of disputes between States ; ( d ) To consider , as appropriate , any proposal referred to it by the General Assembly in the implementation of the decisions of the High-level Plenary Meeting of the sixtieth session of the Assembly in September 2005 that concern the Charter and any amendments thereto ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	61	Since 2003 , the United Nations Children 's Fund ( UNICEF ) had successfully secured the release of 511 child-combatants from FAFN , including 204 girls . The leadership of FAFN had issued a declaration of commitment to end the use of children as soldiers and , in 2005 , presented an action plan for the release of remaining child-soldiers in keeping with Security Council resolutions 1539 ( 2004 ) and 1612 ( 2005 ) . In addition , following the intervention of the Child Protection Unit of the United Nations Operation in Côte d'Ivoire ( UNOCI ) , UNICEF and partners , pro-Government militia groups had agreed to provide lists of child-soldiers for demobilization .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Operation in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its sixty-second session the item entitled “ Financing of the African Union-United Nations Hybrid Operation in Darfur ” . Provisional agenda for the 5726th meeting of the Security Council
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	65	It was felt that the requirement of an express agreement to trigger the loss of the benefit of the liability limits was important so as to make foreseeable for the carrier its exposure to that sanction . Furthermore , the phrase “ to the extent that such damage ” was to be preferred over the words “ that solely ” , since it was in keeping with the general approach to causation in the draft convention . Conclusions reached by the Working Group regarding draft paragraph 5
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	25	The General Conference could then consider options for the Cooperation Agreement and determine the future course . His delegation welcomed the Director-General 's decision to keep the existing organizational field structure intact until the outcome of the pilot phase of UNIDO Desks was known after its final evaluation . The process of Desk expansion should move forward in a gradual and phased manner .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	49	The United Nations Secretariat may wish , for its part , to review the adequacy of the age limit presently imposed for National Competitive Recruitment Examination ( NCRE ) candidates ( paras . There is overall agreement that efforts should be made to reduce the age of recruitment , keeping in mind that requirements must be tailored to the needs of each organization . Recommendation 2
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	37	New self-deceiving rags are hurriedly tossed on the too-naked bones . A truth-revealing crisis erupted in Katanga for a couple of days this month , to be quickly smothered by the high pressure verbal fog that is kept on tap for such emergencies . Before memory , too , clouds over , let us make a note or two of what could be seen .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	94	In order to facilitate implementation of measures provided in paragraph 1 of this article , each State Party , in accordance with its domestic law and using as a guideline relevant initiatives of regional , interregional and multilateral organizations against money-laundering , shall : ( a ) Issue advisories regarding the types of individuals , persons or companies to whose accounts financial institutions within its jurisdiction will be expected to apply enhanced scrutiny , the types of accounts and transactions to which to pay particular attention , and appropriate account-opening , maintenance and record- keeping measures to take concerning such accounts ; and ( b ) Where appropriate , notify financial institutions within its jurisdiction , at the request of another State Party or on its own initiative , of the identity of particular individuals , persons or companies to whose accounts such institutions will be expected to apply enhanced scrutiny , in addition to those that the financial institutions may otherwise identify .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	43	Regarding the humanitarian issue of missing persons , it is noteworthy that Mr. Papadopoulos has conveniently omitted any reference to the Turkish Cypriot missing , who disappeared during the atrocities of the period 1963-1974 . This position is , of course , in keeping with the inherent Greek Cypriot policy with regard to this sensitive issue . It should be recalled , in this context , that following a series of dramatic disclosures in southern Cyprus concerning cases of so-called “ missing persons ” being kept on the missing list in spite of the knowledge that they had been killed during the coup of 1974 , the then Greek Cypriot Foreign Minister , Mr. Ioannis Kasoulides , admitted that the Greek Cypriot administration “ owed many apologies ” to the relatives of the “ missing ” .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	39	If the parties concerned explicitly reject United Nations mediation , the Organization will have neither the possibility nor the grounds to become involved . The United Nations should therefore try to obtain the cooperation of the parties concerned and keep the channels of communication open so as to lay a sound foundation for mediation . On the other hand , mediation is a protracted process with inevitable setbacks and fluctuations .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	50	It also commended United Kingdom on its recent decision not to deport a young gay person to a country which maintains the death penalty for homosexuality , and hoped the United Kingdom would continue to follow the Yogyakarta Principles in future cases . The Netherlands recommended that the United Kingdom keep the Human Rights Council informed about counter-terrorism legislation and the safeguards to protect human rights . The United States of America noted that prisons throughout the United Kingdom are overcrowded and there have been allegations that the number of inmate suicides has increased .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	63	The Brazilian Government is deeply conscious of the importance of achieving the goals agreed to in Almaty , where we set ourselves a road map to guide our efforts in assisting the landlocked developing countries ( LLDCs ) to overcome the main obstacles to their economic development , which , to a large extent , derive from their particular geographic situation . In keeping with the Programme of Action , Brazil is committed to assisting , in particular , its landlocked neighbours — Paraguay and Bolivia — to carry out the actions identified in the five priorities . As a transit country , Brazil is ready to contribute to their realization , especially by seeking to facilitate the flow of trade of landlocked developing countries to and from international markets .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	40	The International Labour Organization ( ILO ) assists the Government in the national implementation of labour standards enshrined in the ILO Conventions and the relevant articles of the present Covenant . Information on unemployment and underemployment is rather hard to keep and collate . Article 7
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	60	The emergence of several positive indicators in the region may also offer the opportunity for further progress on the implementation of key aspects of resolution 1701 ( 2006 ) . I am encouraged by the various signals from President Al-Assad of the Syrian Arab Republic regarding the establishment of diplomatic ties between the Syrian Arab Republic and Lebanon , in keeping with the provisions of resolution 1680 ( 2006 ) . Furthermore , I urge both parties to capitalize on this potential momentum and to work together towards the delineation of their common border in accordance with resolutions 1701 ( 2006 ) and 1680 ( 2006 ) .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	49	A general standard is usually prescribed which the secured creditor must observe ( e.g. “ commercially reasonable ” or “ with the care of a prudent business person ” ) . There may also be special rules for how the proceeds of a disposition are to be collected and kept pending distribution . Most secured transactions laws share the requirement that notice must be given to certain parties with respect to a proposed disposition .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	41	It will be guaranteed that its arms shall not be used for or against any side . An equal number of arms of the Nepal Army shall be kept in the store under a single-lock system and the key shall be kept by the side concerned . For the United Nations to monitor it , a device with a siren as well as a recording facility shall be installed .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	9	Extremists have not yet disarmed . We have to keep up a high profile of international commitment . Combating terrorism is , of course , not a one-dimensional task .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	108	On the contrary , without prejudice to the functions proper to peacekeeping missions , we must actively look for such synergies and , in each case , pragmatically choose the best available response to the concrete needs of a given conflict or post-conflict situation . Quite often , especially in early recovery scenarios , some tasks are crucial to the short- and medium-term sustainability of fragile peace : rebuilding indispensable infrastructure , including that associated with or enabling law and order functions ; resuming basic services and generating peace dividends that will ensure the support of the population for the difficult political decisions usually required for making and keeping agreements . When confronted with such situations and others with similar needs , we must ask ourselves whether peacekeepers might not be part of our response .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	83	This terrorist group wreaks havoc in some parts of the country , and their campaign of terror has continued unabated despite all efforts by the Government to seek a solution to the conflict by political means of dialogue and democratic accommodation . All such efforts have failed , primarily as a result of the phenomenon of illicit trafficking and trade in small arms and light weapons , which make it easy for this misguided terrorist group to sustain their campaign of violence and keep faith in the bullet rather than the ballot . In this context , Sri Lanka joins other concerned parties in appealing to the international community to take urgent action by all available means to stem the flow of weapons into the hands of non-State actors like terrorist groups who do not respect internationally accepted civilized norms and conduct .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	55	Mr. Churkin ( Russian Federation ) ( spoke in Russian ) : The Russian Federation welcomes the Council 's adoption today of a draft resolution prepared by my delegation on the Council 's agreement to the appointment of Ambassador Miroslav Lajčák as the new High Representative for Bosnia and Herzegovina . This decision is in keeping with the Dayton Agreement , previous Council resolutions on Bosnia and Herzegovina and previously reached agreements . The very fact of the adoption of this resolution and its content speaks for itself .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	65	Encourages Member States , when seeking additional information , to request that they be provided with the information either orally or , if in writing , in the form of information sheets , annexes , tables and the like , and encourages the wider use of this practice ; Requests the Secretary-General to ensure that documentation and reports are issued well in advance , in keeping with the six-week rule for the issuance of documentation simultaneously in all official languages , as set out in resolution 49/221 of 23 December 1994 and in resolution 59/309 of 22 June 2005 on multilingualism ; Also requests the Secretary-General to submit a status report to the General Assembly at its sixtieth session on the implementation of all resolutions regarding the revitalization of its work , including resolutions 58/126 of 19 December 2003 , 58/316 and the present resolution .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	48	Quite to the contrary , focus and priorities are necessary for policy to be effective , especially in today 's general environment of limited public sector resources . To maximize the effectiveness of policy responses , policy makers need to take an integrated approach to the problem while keeping the appropriate priorities . This approach requires an understanding of the complex relationships between the various dimensions and causes of social vulnerability and the development of new and effective ways to coordinate the delivery of economic and social policies .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	33	On display were 343 first-class paintings and sculptures from his fabled collection - and every single one of them was up for sale . Like Philadelphia 's late Dr. Albert C. Barnes who kept his own great collection closed to the general public ( Time , Jan. 2 ) , Thompson , at 61 , is something of a legend in his own lifetime . He made his fortune during World War 2 , when he took over a number of dying steel plants and kept them alive until the boom .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	49	However , we would have liked to see a clear provision in the text prohibiting the military forces of States from using nuclear weapons in the exercise of their duties . Such a prohibition would be in line with the high standards and strong values of humankind and in keeping with the ruling of the International Court of Justice stipulating the impermissibility of the threat or use of nuclear weapons by States . Nonetheless , we are pleased that the Convention stipulates , in its article 4 , that it does not address the issue of the legality of the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons by States .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	71	Ms. Murillo de la Vega asked the delegation to comment on the statement in the core document ( HRI/CORE/TLS/2007 ) ( para. 511 ) to the effect that regional workshops had indicated that women feared to run for office because of the threat of violence or reprisals . Mr. Bruun asked again whether child labour , especially in the case of girls , existed in Timor-Leste , if the Government was keeping statistics on the matter and what it was doing about it . Ms. Halperin-Kaddari said that she had not received answers to her questions regarding the legal capacity of married women , marital rape , or forced marriage through rape .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	45	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of assistance programmes to the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations decisions relating to decolonization , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly ,
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	85	In its resolution 51/218 E of 17 June 1997 , the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to convene the Phase IV Working Group prior to submitting his report on the first full year of the implementation of revised procedures . The purpose of the Phase IV Working Group was to review the rates published in the Phase III report and to facilitate the preparation of the report for the first year on the implementation of the revised procedures requested by the General Assembly , in keeping with resolution 51/218 E and pursuant to provisions contained in the report of the Phase III Working Group ( A/C.5/49/70 , para. 51 ( c ) ) , paragraphs 4 to 6 of General Assembly resolution 50/222 and section 1 , paragraph 2 , of General Assembly resolution 51/218 E . The Secretariat presented issue papers to the Phase IV Working Group on the experience gained thus far in the implementation of the new procedures .
keep%2:31:00::	keep.v	34	I cannot make sense out of the figures for post maturity growth ; at best the annual increase appears to be a matter of inches rather than feet . Until better records have been kept over longer periods of time and much more is known about the maximum dimensions , it will be wise to refrain from drawing conclusions . It is often stated that the largest snakes require five years to attain maturity , but this apparently is an overestimation .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	50	That , unfortunately , is not the case at present . All that is available is this annual report to the General Assembly , and this does not give rise to vital , effective interaction between these two important organs — the General Assembly and the Security Council — in keeping with the hopes of the entire international community . In our view , one of the most important factors limiting the relationship between the General Assembly and the Security Council is the nature of this annual report .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	61	Morocco welcomed the announcement that the member countries of both the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development ( OECD ) and the European Union would increase the level of their assistance ; also , the World Bank 's Africa Action Plan would support the efforts of the African countries to accelerate growth , eradicate poverty and attain the Goals . In keeping with their Monterrey commitments , the developed countries had a leading role to play in supporting actions that benefited the countries of Africa and his delegation commended the initiative of the Group of Eight countries to double the assistance destined for Africa by 2010 . That would increase the global volume of aid , which represented only 0.25 per cent of donor countries ' GNP , far from the goal of 0.7 per cent that the international community had set for itself .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	51	In particular , the Committee stresses the importance of educating children , parents and the public at large about the dangers of landmines and unexploded ordnance in order to prevent injury and death . It is crucial that States parties continue to locate landmines and unexploded ordnance , take measures to keep children away from suspected areas , and strengthen their mine clearance activities and , when appropriate , seek the necessary technical and financial support within a framework of international cooperation , including from United Nations agencies . ( See also paragraph 23 above on landmines and unexploded ordnance and paragraph 78 below on armed conflicts under special protection measures .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	37	The weak political dialogue and harassment of opposition parties were also a cause for concern . The progress of democratization was slow in a number of countries , such as Belarus , where the authorities had not kept their promises to ensure free and transparent parliamentary elections , the opposition found it difficult to play its role and there was silence on the question of missing persons . The human rights situation in Central Asia had grown worse ; there was no democratic system in Turkmenistan , arbitrary detention and trials took place in Uzbekistan , and human rights and the rules of the democratic process in relation to the opposition and the press were flouted in Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	33	Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations ( A/62/657 and Add.1 ) The President : Before turning to the thematic debate , I would like , in keeping with established practice , to draw the attention of the General Assembly to document A/62/657 and its addendum 1 . In document A/62/657 , the Secretary-General informs the Assembly that 15 Member States are in arrears in the payment of their financial contributions to the United Nations within the terms of Article 19 of the Charter .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	53	As discussed by the Universalisation Contact Group , these include : [ Bahrain , Lao People 's Democratic Republic , Lebanon , Marshall Islands , Micronesia ( Federated States of ) , Mongolia , Nepal , Oman , Poland , Tonga , Tuvalu and United Arab Emirates ] . ( ii ) In keeping with Action # 3 of the Nairobi Action Plan , all States Parties and those that share their aims should continue to increase universalisation efforts that place a priority on those States not parties that produce , use , transfer and maintain large stockpiles of anti-personnel mines , including those developing new kinds of anti-personnel mines . ( iii ) Further to Actions # 5 and # 6 of the Nairobi Action Plan , States Parties should continue to use bilateral , regional and multilateral meetings and events to promote the Convention including in the United Nations General Assembly and its committees .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	126	Following Mr. Jospin 's defeat in the French presidential elections in April 2002 , the FLNKS spokesperson stated to the media that the pro-independence movement feared that this crucial provision of the Accord might not go ahead.3 In this respect , in July 2002 , the United Nations Human Rights Committee rejected a claim lodged by an association of voters in New Caledonia , which alleged that their exclusion from the voter registry for a future referendum was discriminatory and that the cut-off dates for voters were excessive . The Committee ruled that this was not a violation of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights because the cut-off dates set for referendums from 2014 onwards were not excessive “ inasmuch as they are in keeping with the nature and purpose of these ballots , namely a self-determination process involving the participation of persons able to prove sufficiently strong ties to the territory whose future is being decided. ” 4 The new governmental structure
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	27	Each federal district also elects three deputies . The indigenous people of the Republic of Venezuela elect three deputies in accordance with the Electoral Act and in keeping with their traditions and customs . At present , there are 165 deputies in the National Assembly , 149 of whom are men ( 88.84 per cent ) and 16 are women ( 9.69 per cent ) .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	29	Suggest the following twenty-first-century amendment : By moving the term `` Republic '' to lower case , substituting the modern phrase `` move ahead '' for the stodgy `` keep '' , and by using the Postmaster 's name on every envelope ( in caps , of course , with the `` in spite '' as faded as possible ) , the slogan cannot fail . In the issue of March 5 , 1960 you had an excellent editorial which said :
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	16	The Committee also examined insurance arrangements for judges concerning non-work-related accidents . The Tribunal decided to keep this matter under review . E. Reports of the auditor for 2005-2006
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	42	Although most of them managed to return to their motherland , the fate of 150 individuals is still unknown . Ten years have already passed since the day of that terrible tragedy , the scale and nature of which are fully in keeping with the definition of genocide which was reflected in the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide , approved by the United Nations General Assembly on 9 December 1948 . The events in the town of Khojaly were witnessed and recorded by independent international sources , who confirmed that Armenia had committed genocide against the Azerbaijani population of the town .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	59	Although we believe Israel has the right of self-defence against terrorism and its perpetrators , its response must always be proportionate , and everything possible must be done to avert the loss of innocent lives . In that regard , we call on Israel to take every possible measure to protect the lives of the civilian population , in keeping with international humanitarian law . We also urge the Palestinian Authority to undertake all necessary measures and make every effort to find and release the kidnapped Israeli soldier , as well as prevent further military and terrorist attacks on Israel , notably the launching of rockets against Israeli population centres .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	66	At its sixtieth session , the General Assembly , on the proposal of Nicaragua and noting the progress achieved in the region , decided that the item should remain on the agenda of the Assembly , beginning with the sixty-first session , for consideration upon notification by a Member State ( decision 60/508 ) . At its sixty-third session , upon the request of Guatemala in keeping with decision 60/508 , the General Assembly considered an update provided by the Secretary-General on the International Commission against Impunity in Guatemala , ( A/63/511 ) ; and requested the Secretary-General to report to the Assembly at its sixty-fourth session on the work of the Commission ( resolution 63/19 ) . Document : Report of the Secretary-General ( resolution 63/19 ) .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	26	Internet access allows just-in-time systems to expand . In the clothing industry , for example , there are retail chains that require their store staff to keep records of colours and designs that are in great demand . Using electronic ordering chains , these groups can obtain fresh supplies from foreign sources in just a few days .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	60	For example , the UNFCCC compiled its PSC accounts based on 13 per cent of its annual budget , but continued to accumulate in their PSC account sizeable surplus ranging from US $ 500 , 000 to US $ 1.5 million over three biennia . The current policy of transferring further administrative support capacity from Geneva to Bonn is in keeping with the concept of full use of the 13 per cent charge . While this policy allows UNFCCC maximum recovery of the PSC from the United Nations , it still needs to be assessed against the optimum need for administrative capacity of the Convention .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	68	The SPT recommends that individual files should be opened for every detainee upon arrival at police detention centres and be updated systematically and comprehensively after every medical examination or intervention and that clear instructions are established for the doctors on how to document and to report possible cases of torture or ill-treatment . The SPT recommends that immediate measures are taken to establish and maintain confidentiality in the keeping of medical documents and records . The sparse availability of specialist resources underlines the need for some basic training of officers in the identification of serious mental conditions and clear guidelines for referring such detainees to a medical facility .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	13	The situation in the Democratic Republic of the Congo The mission is in keeping with the partnership between the Security Council and the parties to the Lusaka Ceasefire Agreement and with the regular contacts established between the parties and the Council . Its aim is to give new impetus to the peace process , to support the efforts of the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo ( MONUC ) and to encourage the parties , including by meeting with the Political Committee of the Lusaka Ceasefire Agreement , to implement fully their commitments and to fulfil their obligations on the basis of that Agreement and the resolutions of the Council .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	2	Issue In keeping with the United Nations guidelines , Governments have been making self-arrangement for tentage for its new missions for the first six months . However , it has been observed that in missions such as UNMIS , UNAMID and MONUC , the adverse climatic conditions compel extra investments in the tentage owing to heavy wear and tear costs .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	17	( a ) Interpret speeches made at meetings ; ( b ) Make and arrange for the keeping of sound recordings of meetings ; ( c ) Receive , translate and circulate the documents of the Conference ;
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	17	( a ) Interpret speeches made at meetings ; ( b ) Make and arrange for the keeping of sound recordings of meetings ; ( c ) Receive , translate and circulate the documents of the Conference ;
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	69	In most conflict situations , there will be no peace to keep , and yet the international community will be looking to the United Nations to deal with the situation , as eloquently articulated by the Permanent Representative of fellow East African Community partner State , Uganda . It is a commonly held view that the United Nations preconditions that a country at conflict must have a peace to keep in order for the United Nations to deploy is untenable . To put it in context , the reason for which a country allows foreign troops on its soil is to create — not to keep — peace .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	23	We have to make the money work . We have to motivate and support a comprehensive multisectoral response , and we have to keep our focus on social protection , the strengthening of health systems and respecting human rights . We have to integrate HIV into our health system , as the country faces numerous health challenges .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	57	While they are closely related to one another , we believe that they have a single objective in common : a more democratic , representative , transparent and efficient Security Council to face the new challenges of today 's world . Nevertheless , by the end of this debate we will have to determine the usefulness of keeping this format . The report of the Security Council to the General Assembly undoubtedly marks considerable progress , in comparison to previous reports , with respect to format and content .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	30	With regard to paragraph 4 , India and the Netherlands favoured the original wording . Australia , Canada , New Zealand and Sweden preferred to either delete the paragraph or keep the original wording . Algeria , Bangladesh , Egypt , Indonesia , the Islamic Republic of Iran , Lesotho , Morocco , the Russian Federation , Senegal and South Africa suggested adding text so as to quote the full text of paragraph 5 of the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	32	My delegation would like to express its full appreciation to Secretary-General Kofi Annan for the efforts he has made to mobilize the international community . We would like to encourage him to keep the fight against HIV/AIDS among the priorities of his second mandate . In conclusion , I would like to thank UNAIDS and its partners for the work they have done to organize this session .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	39	A competent inspection unit for protection at work , in cooperation with the Health Insurance Fund of Montenegro , is obliged to keep prescribed records on injuries at work and about professional diseases . These records used to be kept regularly until 1990 . In the beginning of transitional changes in our country , this cooperation was broken and , consequently , there are no valid annual data on the number of injuries at work or professional diseases in the last 10 years .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	102	In conclusion , my delegation wishes to reiterate that resolution 1325 ( 2000 ) holds out a promise to women and girls around the globe that the international community is ready to protect their rights both in times of peace and in times of war or armed conflict , and to remove all barriers to their equal participation and full involvement in the maintenance and promotion of sustainable peace in the world in general and in their own communities in particular . Seven years after the adoption of resolution 1325 ( 2000 ) , the United Nations needs to do more to keep and realize that promise . The President : I now give the floor to the representative of Denmark .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	45	To help achieve this , the Intersecretariat Working Group introduced procedures for conducting online discussions among Advisory Expert Group members . This approach made it possible to expedite the development of recommendations , relieved the considerable burden imposed by physical meetings and contributed to the keeping to set deadlines . Global consultation and transparency of the process
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	90	Requests the Committee to continue to exert all efforts to promote the realization of the inalienable rights of the Palestinian people , to support the Middle East peace process and to mobilize international support for and assistance to the Palestinian people , and authorizes the Committee to make such adjustments in its approved programme of work as it may consider appropriate and necessary in the light of developments and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session and thereafter ; Also requests the Committee to continue to keep under review the situation relating to the question of Palestine and to report and make suggestions to the General Assembly , the Security Council or the Secretary-General , as appropriate ; Further requests the Committee to continue to extend its cooperation and support to Palestinian and other civil society organizations in order to mobilize international solidarity and support for the achievement by the Palestinian people of its inalienable rights and for a peaceful settlement of the question of Palestine , and to involve additional civil society organizations in its work ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	41	Partnerships activities were organized at the Meeting , featuring “ Partnerships in practice ” interactive thematic sessions to foster discussions on practical issues , identify challenges and exchange lessons learned related to the implementation of sustainable development through partnerships . In keeping with the policy year focus on policy options and possible actions to expedite the implementation of sustainable development commitments , these partnership thematic discussions highlighted “ on-the-ground ” experiences from partnership practitioners . The “ Partnerships in practice ” interactive discussion sessions were chaired by the Vice-Chairman of the Commission at its fifteenth session , Luis Alberto Figueiredo Machado ( Brazil ) ( for additional information on partnerships activities , see http : //www.un.org/esa/sustdev/partnerships/partnerships.htm ) .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	68	Introduction Mandate The UNFCCC secretariat administers the Trust Fund for Participation in the UNFCCC Process , which enables representatives of developing country Parties and Parties with economies in transition to take part in sessions of the Conference of the Parties ( COP ) and its subsidiary bodies . Possible action by the Subsidiary Body for Implementation The SBI may wish to take note of this report and to keep the situation under review in the context of its consideration of the financial performance reports prepared by the secretariat . Pursuant to decision 16/CP.2 , 4 a small percentage of the fund was also used to support the participation of representatives of eligible Parties in intersessional meetings of the Bureau of the COP , and the participation of Bureau members in consultations or official meetings relating to the Convention process .
keep%2:40:09::	keep.v	100	Creating favourable conditions for women and men to better integrate their work and family duties and in this way increasing employment is one of priority goals identified both in the 2003-2004 National Programme for Equal Opportunities for Women and Men and in the National Programme for Increasing Employment in 2001-2004 . Ratification of ILO Convention ( No. 156 ) Concerning Equal Opportunities and Equal Treatment for Men and Women Workers : Workers with Family Responsibilities provides an additional stimulus to assist working parents who have members of the immediate family who clearly need care or support and who seek to keep their position and successfully compete in the labour market . On 17 October 2003 the Minister of Social Security and Labour by Order No Al-160 approved the Recommendations to Employers and Employees to Apply , by Mutual Agreement , Flexible Forms of Work Organisation , which provides possibilities to develop flexible occupation forms and application of flexible working time and place of work provisions which are acceptable to both the employers and the employees .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	51	UNOPS agreed with the Board 's reiterated recommendation that it perform regular physical asset counts to verify the existence of assets and the completeness and accuracy of the asset records . UNOPS also agreed with the Board 's recommendation that it obtain confirmation from the storage company of all inventory items kept in storage . Asset utilization
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	45	In addition to describing steps to provide the general protection against acts prohibited under article 7 to which anyone is entitled , the State party should provide detailed information on safeguards for the special protection of particularly vulnerable persons . It should be noted that keeping under systematic review interrogation rules , instructions , methods and practices as well as arrangements for the custody and treatment of persons subjected to any form of arrest , detention or imprisonment is an effective means of preventing cases of torture and ill-treatment . To guarantee the effective protection of detained persons , provisions should be made for detainees to be held in places officially recognized as places of detention and for their names and places of detention , as well as for the names of persons responsible for their detention , to be kept in registers readily available and accessible to those concerned , including relatives and friends .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	27	I remember that he promised at that time that , during his term in office , he would see the conflict in East Timor resolved . He kept his promise . We take note of and commend his report to the Security Council .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	46	As many States as possible should benefit from access to civilian nuclear technologies , provided that they complied with their non-proliferation obligations , adhered to the IAEA safeguards regime and pursued their activities in good faith for peaceful purposes . To that end , and in keeping with its commitment to the promotion of the peaceful uses of nuclear energy , France was cooperating with a growing number of countries and institutions . It fully supported the Technical Cooperation Programme of IAEA and made regular contributions to the Technical Cooperation Fund and urged all States to do likewise .
keep%2:35:10::	keep.v	55	The conditions of work of the staff , the main assets of the Organization , had been gradually eroded for about 20 years in terms of both benefits and tenure . The aim of CCISUA , which also worked for future generations of staff — since the United Nations would always need to attract and keep competent and motivated staff — was to participate in all the discussions concerning the future of the Organization . CCISUA believed that there was a need to go back to basics .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	42	We express our sincere appreciation to the Committee and to other agencies for their sustained commitment to the cause of the Palestinians and for raising awareness of the international community on the question of Palestine . We urge them to continue to keep the question of Palestine under review and to report to the General Assembly and the Security Council as appropriate . The international community should not renege on its duty to the Palestinian people at this crucial and sensitive moment .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	46	While diamonds are forever , it is to be hoped that the conflicts in the diamond-producing countries will not be . Keeping this in view , it is important that the internationally agreed arrangements that are put in place be of a temporary nature , in keeping with the nature of the problem they are designed to address . We believe that the success of any arrangements will depend on political will and sincere implementation and not on their complexity and elaborateness .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	46	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of programmes of assistance to the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations decisions relating thereto , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly ,
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	45	Reiterates its firm support for the mission of good offices of the Secretary-General in order to assist the parties in complying with the request made by the General Assembly in its resolutions on the question of the Falkland Islands ( Malvinas ) ; Decides to keep under review the question of the Falkland Islands ( Malvinas ) subject to the directives that the General Assembly has issued and may issue in that regard . Chapter XIII
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	75	Mr. JENKINS ( United Kingdom ) proposed that the phrase “ bilateral donor funds ” in paragraph ( g ) should be amended to read “ funds from bilateral donors ” and that the word “ through ” in paragraph ( h ) should be changed to “ from ” . Mr. RIMDAP ( Nigeria ) expressed support for the proposed amendment to paragraph ( g ) , but said that he would prefer to keep the word “ through ” in paragraph ( h ) as it conveyed better the action that the Board was requesting the Director-General to take . Mr. JENKINS ( United Kingdom ) withdrew his proposal for paragraph ( h ) .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	41	Thus , the United Nations is facing a very serious dilemma . A mission such as UNAMSIL would probably not have faced the difficulties that it did in spring 2000 had it been provided with forces as strong as those currently keeping the peace as part of KFOR in Kosovo . The Panel is convinced that NATO military planners would not have agreed to deploy to Sierra Leone with only the 6 , 000 troops initially authorized .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	49	Arrests and arbitrary or unlawful detentions are continuing , mainly at Bujumbura-Mairie where the legal time limit for holding persons in custody ( 14 days ) is hardly ever observed . On the other hand , elsewhere in the country officers of the judicial police have been attempting to keep to the legal time limit . Cases of cruel , inhuman or degrading treatment have been noted in some cachots : torture , deprivation of food and appalling conditions of hygiene .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	66	Under article 20 of the Decree , the Ministers of Defence and of the Interior may revoke a licence , if the holder is shown to have ceased to fulfil the requisite conditions or a breach thereof is discovered ; the guilty party is sentenced to at least three months in prison . Under the terms of article 22 of the Decree , licence holders must keep a special logbook , which the relevant authorities are entitled to consult . According to article 31 , the Ministry of Defence must keep an inventory of all imports or exports of materiel , weapons and ammunition , and facilities and equipment must also be inspected regularly .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	34	And this helps explain why so many people are now going camping . It 's fun , and it 's easy - so easy that there is time left after cooking , and tent keeping , for the women to get out and enjoy outdoor fun with their families . Camp meals are no great problem .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	42	Women 's share in agricultural labour , such as food production , traditional processing of agricultural products and marketing of products , was high . The representative informed the Committee that , according to Congolese legislation , women had the right to keep their nationality upon marriage and in cases where their husbands changed nationality . Legislation gave girls and boys equal access to education , and public schooling was free and mandatory until the age of 16 .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	18	This would be the deepest debt relief granted to date . The debt relief would help Guinea-Bissau to keep up progress towards national reconciliation and to lay the foundations of sustained growth and poverty reduction. It would also contribute to paving the way for easing the tensions in the subregion , which has seen its share of violence , instability and growing poverty . At a recent discussion of a HIPC preliminary document , the directors of the World Bank acknowledged Guinea-Bissau 's track record in implementing macroeconomic reforms since 1998 , and commended the country for its progress in reconciliation and reconstruction after the violent conflict that erupted in June 1998 .
keep%2:31:00::	keep.v	25	I will not repeat them ; I share what they have said about the situation there . The Council is clearly going to have to keep a very close eye on developments . Mr. Chowdhury ( Bangladesh ) : First of all , Mr. President , let me thank you for organizing this open debate on Kosovo .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	45	It is aimed at 9.3 million households , or 44 million people , in Brazil . The initiative , as proposed and being implemented on a pilot basis , is seen to be consistent with the realization of the right to adequate food and in keeping with a rights-based approach to development . The programme recognizes that eradicating hunger is not simply a moral imperative , but also generates important social and economic benefits .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	55	Welcomes , in this regard , the accession by New Caledonia to the status of observer in the Pacific Islands Forum , continuing high-level visits to New Caledonia by delegations from countries of the Pacific region and high-level visits by delegations from New Caledonia to countries members of the Pacific Islands Forum ; Decides to keep under continuous review the process unfolding in New Caledonia as a result of the signing of the Nouméa Accord ; Also decides to continue the examination of the question of the Non-Self-Governing Territory of New Caledonia and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	35	The efforts of all concerned to promote dialogue and transparency were gratifying . Granted that it was frequently difficult to reach a consensus , it was none the less important to be more careful about keeping to time limits ; the Committee could not spend several hours considering a single draft resolution . The cost of a meeting was approximately 23 , 440 dollars .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	30	The protection of such information may also extend to information in the possession of third persons . For instance , a bank might hold a pending patent application for safe keeping , or a secret trade process or formula might be described in a loan application or in a contract held by a bank . In such circumstances , details of the trade , business or other secret should be excised from the documents and the remaining financial information exchanged accordingly .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	40	First of all , they seem to indicate an unawareness of the spirit of neighbourliness and cooperation that prevailed when the Presidents of Nicaragua and Honduras met recently in Guasaule on 11 July . Secondly , they are not in keeping with the desire of both our Presidents to continue to conduct our international relations entirely through the peaceful means that diplomacy and international law make available to States . Signed Norman Caldera Cardenal
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	58	It is our hope that they will make it possible to relaunch the dynamic process of peace in Côte d'Ivoire . To do so , all of the Ivorian parties will have to demonstrate a sense of responsibility , and , as the Council has often stated , any commitments they might make to President Mbeki must be kept . The international community will have to be vigilant in that respect .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	46	We are convinced that an FMCT would serve all our security interests , both from the perspective of nuclear disarmament and for reasons of promoting nuclear non-proliferation . My country has been working consistently in an informal process over the past few years in order to keep the FMCT alive in Geneva . We would happily give that up and concentrate on the real thing , which is negotiating .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	29	According to Embassy records , between October 2002 and May/June 2003 , the author met the prosecutor every fourteen days and thereafter every 45 days . The decision to keep him in detention was always upheld , the prosecutor relying on emergency laws but without formally charging the author . 3.17 On 16 June 2002 , the author 's ( then ) Swedish counsel communicated to the European Court of Human Rights that he intended to file a complete application on the author 's behalf within a reasonable time .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	75	The claimant explained that when news of the invasion broke , the family left for their home in Kuwait City in order to be closer to news sources and they left their jewellery behind in their summer villa , which was shortly thereafter occupied by Iraqi soldiers . According to the claimant , he visited the villa after liberation and saw that it had been looted , including the safe where the Valuation Item was kept . The claimant provided witness statements in support of the loss .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	40	The allocation of only 6 per cent of the OPCW budget to international cooperation activities is hardly a meaningful incentive for developing countries to join the CWC . Fortunately , a few States parties have voluntarily provided modest funds to keep a limited number of such projects alive . However valuable and important such voluntary and individual acts of assistance may be , a few States can not , and should not , indefinitely fill gaps that need to be filled by the Organization itself .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	76	Mr. Langmore ( International Labour Organization ) said it was very important that there should be concrete action to implement the Monterrey decisions , especially the increased commitments to ODA by Europe and the United States of America . The report of the Secretary-General ( A/57/344 ) referred in paragraphs 36 and 37 to the gaps in the Monterrey Consensus which had been identified by a number of participants , each of which needed to be kept under discussion . Firstly , participants had stressed that insufficient attention had been paid to social issues .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	23	Such essential progress is well within our grasp . I close by affirming that in all settings and at every opportunity Canada will keep seeking a safer path forward . We shall be vigilant and active in all the security institutions in which we take part — from the First Committee to the Missile Technology Control Regime , from the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) to the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons and the CTBT Organization , from NATO and the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe to the G8 , over which we will preside next year .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	36	But I think he would agree with me that the deletion of “ 2006 ” in paragraphs 6 , 8 and 9 would be wrong in this case . Therefore , if we are going to keep “ 2006 ” in the formulation proposed for paragraph 10 , then we would insist on keeping “ 2006 ” in the other paragraphs as well . The Chairman : After the representatives of the United Kingdom and of Cuba have spoken , I propose that the Commission give me the opportunity to see what I can do .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	44	Notes the intention of the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly , during the second part of its resumed fifty-fourth session , a preliminary expenditure report for the Mission for the period from 6 August 1999 to 30 June 2000 ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-fourth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo ” . Fifty-fifth session
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	56	The signatories called for legislative steps to grant the President of New Caledonia powers to negotiate and sign international agreements , requested improved coordination between the French State ( through its High Commissioner in Nouméa ) and the New Caledonian Government and agreed that New Caledonian professionals should continue to receive training in diplomacy . In keeping with the foregoing , New Caledonia continued to develop its contacts with its Pacific neighbours during 2003 . In July 2003 , President Chirac met with the heads of State of the Pacific region in Papeete , Tahiti .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-ninth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Interim Administration Mission in Kosovo ” . Seventh session
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	48	We have already witnessed some cases where the courageous involvement of regional organizations and countries in peacekeeping operations facilitated the peace-building process in the affected region . These examples demonstrate the need for countries to share an enhanced sense of responsibility and cooperation in preventing conflicts and in keeping and building peace in their own regions . We hope that the upcoming high-level meeting between the United Nations and regional organizations will yield a productive discourse on this important subject .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	42	Definition of a mercenary In her report to the Commission on Human Rights at its sixtieth session , the Special Rapporteur declared that it was her intention to formulate procedures for the incorporation of a new definition into the International Convention in keeping with paragraph 11 of General Assembly resolution 56/232 , in which the Assembly requested the Special Rapporteur to propose a clearer definition of mercenaries , including clear nationality criteria , based on her findings , proposals by States and outcomes of meetings of experts ( see E/CN.4/2005/14 , para . In keeping with this method of work , the Special Rapporteur participated in the third meeting of experts on traditional and new forms of mercenary activities , held in December 2004 , at which she presented her approach to the proposed new definition ( see E/CN.4/2005/23 , paras .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	13	Preparations for the Fourth Meeting of the States Parties ( 4MSP ) In keeping with past practice , the first meeting the Standing Committee expressed its support for a Draft Provisional Agenda , a Draft Programme of Work , and Draft Rules of Procedure for the 4MSP . The Standing Committee also noted that all documents be issued in the six languages of the Convention , except for the reports under Article 7 , which are accessible on the UNDDA website , and information documents .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	27	Obligations which the permanent members of the Council , as recognized nuclear-weapon States , have made pledges on their implementation . Pledges the world expects them to keep and to fulfil . • Allegations made by the French President against Iran 's nuclear programme are a preposterous attempt to disguise the abysmal record of France in non-compliance with its nuclear disarmament obligations .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	40	Mr. Hillman ( United States of America ) said that his delegation had hoped to make a formal statement under item 121 but had not had sufficient time to prepare it . He therefore asked for the item to be kept open so that his delegation could make its statement later in the week . The Chairman proposed that the item should be kept open until the following morning .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	45	( f ) To continue to consider , on a priority basis , ways and means of improving its working methods and enhancing its efficiency with a view to identifying widely acceptable measures for future implementation ; Notes that the Special Committee decided not to keep on its agenda the topic relating to the consideration of the working paper submitted by the Russian Federation , entitled “ Fundamentals of the legal basis for United Nations peacekeeping operations in the context of Chapter VI of the Charter of the United Nations ” ; Invites the Special Committee at its session in 2009 to continue to identify new subjects for consideration in its future work with a view to contributing to the revitalization of the work of the United Nations ;
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	27	In other cases , in view of present-day knowledge of head growth , orthodontists will recommend waiting four or five years before treatment . The child is kept on call , and the orthodontist watches the growth . `` Nature often takes care IN the problem '' , says Dr. Brodie .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	28	( e ) The completion of the diversion by the child should result in a definite and final closure of the case . Although confidential records can be kept of diversion for administrative and review purposes , they should not be viewed as “ criminal records ” and a child who has been previously diverted must not be seen as having a previous conviction . If any registration takes place of this event , access to that information should be given exclusively and for a limited period of time , e.g. for a maximum of one year , to the competent authorities authorized to deal with children in conflict with the law .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	61	The participants also welcomed the goodwill shown by development partners , especially to enhance Africa 's peace-keeping capabilities . The participants also called attention to the significant role of the UN and its bodies such as the Security Council and the Peace Building Commission as well as the AU , Africa 's regional organizations and African countries themselves contributing to peace keeping operations . They commended the mediation efforts of African countries for the reconciliation and peaceful resolution of armed conflicts , as well as their engagement in peace-keeping operations .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	47	Noting further that contemporary forms of victimization , while essentially directed against persons , may nevertheless also be directed against groups of persons who are targeted collectively , Recognizing that , in honouring the victims ' right to benefit from remedies and reparation , the international community keeps faith with the plight of victims , survivors and future human generations , and reaffirms the international legal principles of accountability , justice and the rule of law , Convinced that , in adopting a victim-oriented perspective , the international community affirms its human solidarity with victims of violations of international law , including violations of international human rights law and international humanitarian law , as well as with humanity at large , in accordance with the following Basic Principles and Guidelines .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	8	So he hides the mayonnaise . And to keep athletes ' stomachs from getting jumpy under physical duress , he bans all highly flavored condiments . WHAT DO the pretty SMU girls like on their plates ?
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	46	The Government of Lebanon is keen to preserve the calm in that area . I am pleased by the fact that you appreciate the work done by the Government of Lebanon in maintaining the calm in that area and would like to reiterate our determination to keep on doing so . While I commend all the positive points included in your report , I would like to assure you that Lebanon has been and is scrupulously committed to the resolutions of the Security Council and international legitimacy .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	36	As stipulated in Law No.8/1948 Article 13 , the misuse of firearms permit is a criminal act . Any license previously given upon such violation will be revoked while the fire arms will be confiscated and kept in Police custody . For the licensing or authorization of the import , export and transit of firearms , their parts and components and ammunition , Indonesia applies the Law No.8/1948 on Firearms which regulates that exporting and importing companies requires a permit from the Indonesian National Police .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	24	Recommendations under implementation The Board notes that action is ongoing by the International Tribunal for Rwanda in respect of the following recommendations and will keep these matters under review . The Board has included comments , where appropriate .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-ninth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Stabilization Mission in Haiti ” . 46th plenary meeting 29 October 2004
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	67	In addition , the leaders of the militias in the west were demanding the inclusion of 3 , 000 additional individuals in the disarmament programme , under which they would be entitled to receive a safety net allowance of $ 900 . However , the PNDDR rejected that demand , stressing that the eligible 2 , 000 militias should surrender a credible number of weapons , in keeping with the established weapons-to-combatant ratio . Once these outstanding issues are resolved and if the outstanding caseload of eligible militia members remains at 1 , 000 , based on the previously agreed framework , it would take only two weeks to disarm the militias in the west .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	64	The Special Rapporteur recalls that , in the same way that the judicial branch requires adequate resources in order to perform its functions in an efficient , competent and impartial manner , judges must receive decent salaries so as to be able to live off their judicial functions alone . It is a proven fact that when judges ' salaries go down or are kept low , the proper administration of justice and , therefore , the reliability and reputation of the justice system suffer . First , if the function of judges is not recognized properly in terms of working conditions and pay , the number of people entering the profession will decline , resulting , in the long term , in a shortage of people with the training and skills needed to do the job .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	67	In addition , over and above the international credit agreements and Ministry of Housing standards that foster the participation of the private financial system and private building firms , each municipality within its field of competence issues ordinances relating to construction , social housing programmes , progressive residential developments , land subdivision and re-zoning and architectural standards . Of course , all such standards must be in keeping with the currently applicable provisions and the policies and guidelines of the Ecuadorian Government . Article 5 ( on the family unit ) of the Regulation replacing the System of Incentives for New Urban Housing and Urban Housing Renovation , published in Official Gazette No. 229 of 8 July 1999 , covers the treatment reserved for senior citizens and the disabled .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	14	That process should not be put at risk . Nevertheless there was merit in keeping the item on the General Assembly 's agenda . A resolution at the current session could once again commend the articles on the responsibility of States for internationally wrongful acts to the attention of Governments and express satisfaction that the articles were extensively referred to in legal writings and by international courts and tribunals and other bodies in their decisions and opinions .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	35	But dominant in the sense that every other objective , no matter how worthy intrinsically , must defer to it . Peace is a worthy objective ; but if we must choose between peace and keeping the Communists out of Berlin , then we must fight . Freedom , in the sense of self-determination , is a worthy objective ; but if granting self-determination to the Algerian rebels entails sweeping that area into the Sino-Soviet orbit , then Algerian freedom must be postponed .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	42	Given natural disasters , political unrest and many external shocks — such as the global economic recession , the phasing out of the Multifibre Arrangement and the oil price hike — that affect our economies , that is a remarkable achievement . Keeping our commitment to the Millennium Declaration , we have already achieved two Millennium Development Goals by ensuring access to safe drinking water and removing gender disparity in primary and secondary education . Enrolment in primary education has been ensured for 97 per cent of our children .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	54	When the child raises his seat into the air , the teacher takes hold under both sides of the pelvis ; then no matter what happens , the child 's performance will be controlled . By lifting the seat upwards a little , the weight is taken off the neck and the back is kept rounded . These are beginnings , but correctly learned they prepare for satisfying and exciting stunts that can be performed by a strong , flexible body ( we are not talking of eccentric extremes ) .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	71	This is an invitation to the Security Council to broaden its efforts to include other regions where sufficient success has not yet been achieved , and I would underline this . This also relates to a remark made by the representative of Singapore in which she quoted a statement made two years ago by Mrs. Ogata , who elaborated on the key responsibility of the Security Council to build and to keep peace as essential to reducing the number of new refugees . In fact , working for peace creates part of the solution : people can then go home .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	33	They expressed their support for efforts to be continued within the UN to explore further the issue of missiles in all its aspects . In this regard , they emphasised the need to keep the issue under the agenda of the UN General Assembly and that in accordance with its Resolution 59/67 a Panel of Governmental Experts on the issue of missiles in all its aspects would be established in 2007 . Pending the achievement of such a universal mechanism related to delivery systems for weapons of mass destruction , any initiative to address these concerns effectively and in a sustainable and comprehensive manner should be through an inclusive process of negotiations in a forum where all States could participate as equals .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	33	The length of statements by the observer would be limited in accordance with the practices normally followed for the organization of special sessions of the General Assembly ” . The Committee decided to keep the procedure on the participation of observers under review . Work of the Committee during the main part of the fifty-fifth session of the General Assembly , from 11 September to 23 December 2000
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	63	At the 35th meeting on 25 March 2008 , the President made a statement on the outcome of the meetings , stating : “ The Human Rights Council has in closed meetings examined the human rights situation in Turkmenistan under the Complaint Procedure established pursuant to Human Rights Council resolution 5/1 of 18 June 2007 . The Human Rights Council has decided to keep the situation under review. ” Social forum
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	88	They further encouraged the Non-Aligned members of the Peace-building Commission and the Non-Aligned countries which are on its agenda , to actively participate in the NAM Caucus to ensure its purposeful contribution to the peace-building activities of the United Nations . The Ministers commended the continuing work of the NAM caucus in the PBC , under the coordination of Jamaica , and requested the caucus to continue its efforts to strengthen the position and role of the Movement in the affairs of the PBC and to continue to keep the Coordinating Bureau of the Movement abreast of the activities undertaken by the Commission , on a regular basis . They further encouraged the non-aligned members of the Peacebuilding Commission and the Non-Aligned countries which are on its agenda , to actively participate in the NAM Caucus to ensure its purposeful contribution to the Peacebuilding activities of the United Nations .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	48	As a human being and as a peacemaker , I believe that , following the end of the cold war , no nation should have been able to justify the possession of nuclear weapons , much less become a new nuclear Power . If powerful nations continue to keep their nuclear weapons — and there are many double standards in the way we deal with one another — that will only become an enticement for others to opt for nuclear weapons because they think such weapons will serve as an insurance policy against attacks . I know that , during the 1980s , there was a campaign to promote nuclear disarmament .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	44	Invites voluntary contributions to the Transitional Administration in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-sixth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Transitional Administration in East Timor ” . United Nations Commission
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	17	Executive direction and management As noted in paragraph 74 of the report of the Secretary-General , in keeping with the Secretary-General 's reform plan and the OHCHR plan of action ( see A/59/2005/Add.3 ) , it is proposed to strengthen the New York office of OHCHR . In the plan of action , the argument put forward for this change is that most of the core United Nations departments and agencies are headquartered in New York , and the Executive Committees and subsidiary bodies convene in New York , as do the Security Council , the General Assembly and the Economic and Social Council .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	40	We deplore this and urge all countries to cooperate constructively with the Panel and with other United Nations bodies or agencies when invited to do so . We support an extension of the mandate of the Panel in order to keep a close eye on the issue , including those parties that have not been very forthcoming , with a view to helping bring an end to the plundering of resources in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and advance the peace process . In conclusion , the Security Council should take into account the views expressed at this open meeting before adopting the presidential statement .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	65	He hoped that before the end of the year the DDR process would be under way and that all the elements of PALIPEHUTU-FNL would be reintegrated into the political , economic and social life of the country . As Facilitator for the Comprehensive Peace Agreement , he had established a presence in the country as a conciliator and moral guarantor of the Agreement , in keeping with its article 4 , and would be remaining for the next 12 months in fulfilment of its terms and to help with any difficulties . In so doing , he would place reliance on the United Nations and on the other players , chiefly the Government of Burundi and the PALIPEHUTU-FNL .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	78	The Working Group agreed with that suggestion and requested the drafting group to formulate appropriate additional language to that effect to be included in paragraph 3 , subparagraph ( b ) . Also for purposes of transparency and accountability , and in order to limit the scope for unfair changes meant to favour particular bidders , it was suggested that the contracting authority should be required to state in the record of the selection proceedings , to be kept pursuant to draft model provision 25 , the reasons for any amendment to , or modification in , the elements of the request for proposal under paragraph 3 , subparagraph ( c ) . The Working Group agreed with that suggestion and requested the drafting group to formulate appropriate additional language to that effect to be included in paragraph 3 , subparagraph ( c ) .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	50	Although future trends in fertility , mortality and migration will help shape population age distributions at mid-century , there is a powerful momentum built into current age structures . In particular , all the persons who will be aged 60 or over in 2050 are already born , and even keeping mortality constant at the levels reached in the period from 2000 to 2005 would mean that over 70 per cent of those people would survive to age 60 . The economic impact of changing population age structures
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	94	In the opinion of the members of the Working Group , they strike a satisfactory balance between the view of some members of the Commission who would like the study to be limited to formal expressions of will by a State and the position of other members that the most interesting aspect of the topic is precisely conduct of States which does not take the form of a formal statement of will , but nevertheless produces legal effects . ( 2 ) Like any compromise , the present one is obviously not fully in keeping with the wishes of the advocates of either of the two positions in question . Those for whom a legal act is inconceivable without the will to create legal effects ( usually obligations ) agreed that the study entrusted to the Special Rapporteur might ( and should ) include research on conduct of States having effects comparable to those of legal acts stricto sensu .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	59	Some members expressed the opinion that some references to the practice of certain entities as being examples of unilateral acts of States were wrong , since those entities were not States . The view was expressed that some of the cases referred to in the report in relation to Taiwan as a subject of international law were not in keeping with General Assembly resolution 2758 ( XXVI ) and should therefore not have been included . It was also pointed out that it was not entirely correct to say that the solemn declarations made before the Security Council concerning nuclear weapons were without legal value .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	26	Organization of work In section II A , paragraph 20 , of its resolution 57/283 B , the General Assembly encouraged the Committee on Conferences to keep under continued review the procedures for the participation of observers in the work of the Committee . Adoption of the report
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	31	Rule 57 Sound recordings of meetings Sound recordings of plenary meetings of the Review Conference and , when so decided , of meetings of its subsidiary bodies shall be made and kept by the Secretariat in accordance with the practice of the United Nations . Public and private meetings
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	42	We have certainly had delays in the Democratic Republic of the Congo , and not only there . We agree very much that there needs to be an exit strategy , there need to be benchmarks and the parties need to be kept to their obligations , but I think we need to recognize at the same time that progress in these matters is not linear . I think our preoccupation should be with the benchmarks and with pressing the parties to keep to those benchmarks , rather than trying to set more or less arbitrary timetables .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	50	Continuing review of the functions and operations of the secretariat Notes the information relating to the functions and operations of the secretariat as contained in several documents , particularly in document FCCC/SBI/2006/15 ; Agrees that the Subsidiary Body for Implementation should consider this matter at its twenty-seventh session , in keeping with its decision taken at its twenty-first session to continue to consider this matter annually ; Programme budget for the biennium 2008−2009
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	58	This leadership was late in arriving as it had to await the consolidation of the Government in Turkey and a realignment of Turkish Cypriot political forces , which unfortunately left little time for negotiation and campaigning . Nevertheless , Prime Minister Erdoğan 's commitment to me to be one step ahead in the efforts for a solution was kept , and I appreciated the strong support of the Turkish Government , from the top down , for my efforts . The prospect of accession of Cyprus to the European Union and the opening of Turkey 's path towards that goal provided a context of balanced incentives .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	59	As a compromise , he therefore proposed a new paragraph stating that the consent of the debtor mentioned in paragraph 1 was without prejudice to law governing the protection of the debtor . In practice , the courts of the debtor 's location would in any case apply consumer protection laws as a matter of public policy , in keeping with article 25 of the draft Convention , so that the consent of the consumer-debtor given in the context of article 17 would be ineffective in any case . The new paragraph would not affect the application of article 17 to commercial debtors .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	42	In implementing this mandate , we believe it crucial that MONUC recognizes limitations and prioritizes tasks . We urge MONUC to focus its efforts in particular on the protection of displaced and vulnerable civilians and the establishment of humanitarian zones , in keeping with the MONUC disengagement plan . We urge all parties to deal with the primary causes of instability in the East , including the continuing presence of the Forces démocratiques de la libération du Rwanda ( FDLR ) and the continued provocation of Laurent Nkunda and the Congrès national pour la défense du peuple ( CNDP ) .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	21	Italy and the United Nations Italy has decided to present its candidature to the Human Rights Council since it intends to keep playing a dynamic role in the field of the protection of human rights , by actively contributing to increasing the effectiveness and coordination of the Council 's actions . Italy believes that the United Nations is the principal forum of action in the sphere of human rights , and that the Human Rights Council can and must be the key player .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	26	The National Council for Crime Prevention is responsible for research and development work in the field of crime prevention . The Council is also responsible for keeping official crime statistics . The Council has been entrusted with the task of pursuing research into violence against women and incorporating a gender perspective in its present research and development work .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	78	Notwithstanding the assurances provided by the State party concerning the direct applicability of article 1 of the Convention pursuant to the provision of article 12 , paragraph 3 , of the Constitution , the Committee notes the absence of a definition of racial discrimination in the law of the State party ( art . The Committee recommends the State party to bring its internal law in line with the Convention by including a definition of racial discrimination in keeping with that contained in article 1 of the Convention . The Committee regrets that the report submitted by the State party does not contain sufficient information on the practical implementation of the Convention ( arts. 2 , 4 , 5 , 6 and 7 ) .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	94	The average balance held by the Fund in its money market deposit account has exceeded $ 138 million since February 2005 , whereas monthly disbursements averaged $ 117 million in 2005 ( and so far in 2006 , $ 125.6 million ) . As a result , there has been no need for the Fund 's secretariat to request cash from the Investment Management Service to pay benefits since February 2005 . However , by October 2005 , the Service claimed that it had not been informed of this changed situation and continued to keep $ 150 million in cash balances for the Fund 's secretariat . This lack of communication prevented the Fund from optimizing its cash holdings and its foreign exchange transactions .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	27	It is a false name , and that members must know . Of course , it is a secret service operation ; it is an operation to keep controlling and attacking these people . But of course , they can not directly attack people in the camps , because there would be an international clamour .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	65	The refocusing of activities on the priorities defined in the Millennium Declaration and in the documents issued by major United Nations conferences and summit meetings should go hand in hand with the concern to ensure a predictable amount of financing for essential programmes . It was also necessary to give programme directors greater latitude in managing appropriations and ensuring that extra-budgetary resources were allocated in keeping with the priorities approved by member States . Nigeria applauded the creation of the Office of the Special Adviser on Africa and hoped that it would be given the hierarchical structure and staffing needed to operate effectively .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Operation in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its sixty-first session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Operation in Burundi ” . A/60/612 and A/61/309 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	123	Recalls that in paragraph 9 of its resolution 55/231 , the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to ensure that , in presenting the programme budget , expected accomplishments and , where possible , indicators of achievement are included to measure achievements in the implementation of the programmes of the Organization and not those of individual Member States ; Notes that some indicators of achievement reflected in the budgets and budget performance reports appear to measure the performance of Member States , and requests the Secretary-General to ensure that the purpose of the indicators of achievement is not to assess the performance of Member States but , where possible , to reflect the contributions by peacekeeping missions to the expected accomplishments and objectives in keeping with their respective mandates ; Requests the Secretary-General to submit his future budget proposals in full compliance with its resolution 55/231 ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	111	Similarly , Member States should implement all the international , regional and bilateral counter-terrorism instruments , of which they were signatories , bearing in mind the recommendations of the final document of the United Nations Congress on the Prevention of Crime and the Treatment of Offenders , held in Cairo in 1995 . The Movement called on all States to respect all the human rights and fundamental freedoms when combating terrorism and reaffirmed its commitment to avoiding violations of human rights , abiding by the rule of law and honouring its obligations under international law , especially international human rights law , international refugee law and international humanitarian law , in keeping with the relevant General Assembly resolutions . A welcome move would be to convene a high-level conference under the auspices of the United Nations to formulate a joint organized response of the international community to terrorism in all its forms and manifestations and to determine its root causes .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	50	The Council is called upon to assume its responsibility and lead the way . I would be remiss in my duty if I did not use this opportunity to appeal to the Security Council to come to the financial assistance of the Joint Military Commission , a key institution in keeping the Lusaka peace process alive . The JMC is in dire financial straits and may have to shut down if assistance is not rendered as a matter of urgency .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	69	Introduction The University for Peace was established in 1980 , pursuant to General Assembly resolution 35/55 in order to provide humanity with an international institution of higher education for peace and with the aim of promoting among all human beings the spirit of understanding , tolerance and peaceful coexistence , to stimulate cooperation among peoples and to help lessen obstacles and threats to world peace and progress , in keeping with the noble aspirations proclaimed in the Charter of the United Nations . It is headquartered on the outskirts of San José , Costa Rica .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	31	The Economic and Social Council considered the note by the Secretariat on the global campaign for poverty eradication ( E/2001/84 ) at its substantive session of 2001 . It decided to keep the matter under review in the context of its work on coordinated follow-up to major United Nations conferences and summits and invited the Secretary-General to report to the Council in 2002 on the matter . Views on the proposal to establish a world solidarity fund
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	56	Along with the progress made in the recent six-party talks in Beijing , the Declaration had great significance for peace and security both on the Korean peninsula and in the region as a whole . It was incumbent on the United Nations to welcome and encourage those developments because the pursuit of reconciliation was fully in keeping with the ideals embodied in the Charter . He therefore urged the members of the General Committee to lend their unqualified support to the joint request before them .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	64	The Secretariat has informed me that the recent restructuring of the organisation in February 2006 had resulted in the RBx being replaced by regional programmes , consolidated in a single regional and field coordination branch , thus paving the way for strengthening UNIDO 's field presence . I also took note of final draft report of the task force on field operations and will keep under review the outcomes of its report in addressing all issues related to UNIDO 's field operations . Information and communication technology ( ICT ) : I had previously reported that field offices experienced difficulties in maintaining reliable access to information databases at headquarters .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	46	The report ( A/61/212 ) clearly shows efforts made by Africans themselves and by development partners and the system-wide support by the United Nations in implementing NEPAD programmes . What is needed now is to deepen and widen those efforts so that the momentum can be kept up . Indeed , that is the reason why my delegation wanted to speak on this agenda item as well .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	64	Similar creative approaches should be applied to the issue of cutbacks in services . The Group attached particular importance to the provision of conference services to meetings of regional groupings and expected that the treatment of additional activities being considered in connection with the programme budget for the biennium 2002-2003 would be dealt with in an integrated , balanced and non-discriminatory manner , in keeping with the procedures and practices laid down in General Assembly resolution 41/213 . The Group reiterated its demand that all measures which adversely affected the work of the Main Committees , other bodies and regional groups , in particular the Group of 77 and China , should be withdrawn , since their work was vital to the effectiveness of the Organization .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	62	Accordingly , the Committee reaffirmed its earlier recommendation that future scales of assessments should be based on estimates of GNP , and this was done for the scale of assessments for 2001-2003 . At the same time , the Committee is kept advised of developments with respect to national accounts , including implementation of the 1993 SNA , and has decided to keep the issue under review for future scales . At its sixty-second session , in 2002 , the Committee noted that the concept of GNP under the 1968 SNA had been renamed GNI under the 1993 SNA and that this would be used in future for the scale of assessments .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	104	As far as the armed forces were concerned , article 6 of Ministerial Decree No. 13 of 1998 provided that any Kuwaiti or non-Kuwaiti citizen who enlisted voluntarily could serve in the armed forces of Kuwait , but article 18 of the same Decree provided that women were not able to enlist voluntarily , unless such a ban on female enlistment was incompatible with the march of progress . Nevertheless , pursuant to Ministerial Decree No. 48 of 1998 , a number of women had been permitted to take up employment with the armed forces in order to carry out work that was in keeping with their status as females , namely , administrative duties . The lack of provision for , inter alia , maternity leave in the regulations governing employment with the armed forces had meant that the recruitment of women had been suspended , and a request from the Military Committee for an amendment to the 1967 Law on the Armed Forces in order to rectify the situation was currently under review .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	67	With regard to procurement , the Group noted with concern the deficiencies identified by the Board in relation to acquisition planning , procurement lead time , technical evaluation , ex-post facto cases and contract awarding . It was particularly concerned at the increased number of ex-post facto cases for review by the Headquarters Committee on Contracts and the awarding of sole-source contracts , which were not in keeping with the principle of transparency and were prone to high prices owing to a lack of competition . It therefore concurred with the Board 's recommendation that a procurement strategy should be developed as early as possible .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	133	Included were the standards with which such banks are required to comply when opening accounts for any person , whether natural or artificial , and which are based primarily on the “ know your client ” principle , which means obtaining the necessary documents for ascertaining the identity of the client and maintaining adequate records on clients and the operations carried out by them for a period of not less than five years . The standards also involve paying particular attention to cash deposit operations , business transacted on clients ' accounts , transfers , transactions carried out across borders and other banking operations , so as to ascertain whether such operations are in keeping with the nature of the client 's activity and to detect any unusual operations. These standards are in keeping with the recommendations issued by FATF relating to the fight against money-laundering ; ( d ) The Egyptian banking federation has also created a committee to study the problem , prepare the necessary studies and examine those received by the committee from foreign and local quarters as well as those submitted by the members of the committee themselves .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	57	Paragraph 3 ( d ) , which is based on article 46 , paragraph 4 , of the UNCITRAL Model Procurement Law , has been added to clarify the sequence of actions during the first stage of the proceedings . For purposes of transparency and accountability , paragraph 3 ( b ) requires the contracting authority to keep minutes of any meeting convened or discussion held with bidders , indicating the questions raised by bidders and clarifications provided by the contracting authority ( see A/CN.9/521 , para . Also for the same purpose and in order to limit the scope for unfair changes meant to favour particular bidders , paragraph 3 ( c ) requires the contracting authority to state in the record of the selection proceedings to be kept pursuant to draft model provision 26 the reasons for any amendment to , or modification in , the elements of the request for proposals under paragraph 3 ( c ) ( A/CN.9/521 , para .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	76	( iii ) Including the issue of “ Diversity of sources of procurement ” as an agenda item at the annual meetings of the Inter-Agency Procurement Working Group ; Notes also the recent introduction of the principle of best value for money in relation to procurement , and requests the Secretary-General , when applying this principle , to continue safeguarding the financial interests of the Organization , consider best practices and ensure that adequate records are kept ; Requests the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly an overview and general analysis of the functioning of the principle of best value for money , within the framework of his regular reporting on procurement reform ;
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	38	Rule 110.19 : Authority and responsibility on property management ( a ) The Registrar is responsible for the management of the property of the Tribunal , including all systems governing its receipt , recording , utilization , safe keeping , maintenance and disposal , including by sale , and shall designate the officials responsible for performing property management functions . ( b ) A summary statement of non-expendable Tribunal property shall be provided to the Auditor not later than three months following the end of the financial period .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	35	Social assistance comprises two types of assistance : benefits to help with living expenses and assistance in particular circumstances . Benefits to help with living expenses are paid to people who can not afford to keep themselves from their own resources , particularly income and savings . The level of benefits to help with living expenses has risen considerably since the Federal Social Assistance Act ( Bundessozialhilfegesetz ) came into force in 1962 .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	63	The participants at the meeting gave specific consideration to the follow-up activities of the Second World Assembly on Ageing , including the process of review and appraisal of the Madrid Plan of Action and technical cooperation activities to support implementation of the Plan . The deliberations of the meeting are expected to be presented to the High-level Committee on Programmes in order to keep system-wide implementation of the Plan on the agenda of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination , as recommended in the Plan . The regional processes aimed at translating the Madrid International Plan of Action into regional action plans have also progressed .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	20	 Members agreed that the Security Council should speak with one voice on this matter . It was agreed to keep the situation under close review in the light of further developments , and to revert to it once again in the coming days . Statement
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	21	The regional role should be complemented , not competed with . We support all of these practical relationships and , in keeping with Chapter VIII , Article 52 , of the Charter , “ The Security Council shall encourage the development of pacific settlement of local disputes through such regional arrangements ” . Thirdly , financial support for training and exchange of expertise on the ground is very important ; such activities should take into account the peacekeeping experience the United Nations has acquired .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	84	The financing practices followed in various Arab or Muslim countries have aroused a good deal of suspicion during the period in question , often as a result of ignorance and sometimes as a result of a lack of transparency . The independent expert studied the Sudanese system for collecting and distributing zakat and made some suggestions that would enable the Sudan to draw up a proper map of the poorest segment of its population that benefits from zakat , and one that is in keeping with the poverty reduction strategy under preparation . The independent expert recommends that the international financial institutions and UNDP should be encouraged to pursue their analysis of Islamic methods of financing that might be useful for development purposes ( Islamic banking and Islamic microfinancing as practised in Yemen , for example - charitable awqaf ) or for the transfer of funds ( hawala ) , so as to make it possible to channel some of this capital to effective programmes to combat physical and intellectual poverty in the countries concerned .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	118	By applying its own budgetary procedures and deciding on the value of the levy to be collected irrespective of the value decided by the Administrative Committee , IRU contradicted the provisions of the TIR Convention and the agreement with ECE , which stipulate that the amount of the levy is decided upon by the Administrative Committee . Besides , since no adjustment is made a posteriori to the amount transferred to ECE in advance of the year , in order to take into account the amount actually collected , it is more than likely that the total income generated from the distribution of carnets differs from the amount paid to ECE , and consequently that IRU would either keep for itself resources that were due to the TIR trust fund , or finance TIR-related operations from its own funds . Both cases constitute a breach of the TIR Convention and the agreement between ECE and IRU .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	46	One important area for the application of space technology was the prediction and prevention of natural disasters through the improvement of early warning systems . Her Government supported the idea of establishing an international entity for global coordination of disaster response services. That would be in keeping with Member States ' responsibility to improve the quality of life of current and future generations and protect the environment . Her Government had hosted the Fourth Space Conference of the Americas in 2002 , and looked forward to the Fifth Space Conference of the Americas to be held in July 2006 in Ecuador .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	46	Noting that contemporary forms of victimization , while essentially directed against persons , may nevertheless also be directed against groups of persons who are targeted collectively , Recognizing that , in honouring the victims ' right to benefit from remedies and reparation , the international community keeps faith with the plight of victims , survivors and future human generations and reaffirms the international legal principles of accountability , justice and the rule of law , Convinced that , in adopting a victim-oriented perspective , the international community affirms its human solidarity with victims of violations of international law , including violations of international human rights law and international humanitarian law , as well as with humanity at large , in accordance with the following Basic Principles and Guidelines ,
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	57	“ The Security Council encourages the Secretary-General through his Representatives to continue to engage the armed groups and contribute to coordinated efforts to bring about a political settlement of the conflict . “ The Security Council reiterates its call to the donor community to increase its humanitarian and development assistance to the people of Burundi , in keeping with their pledges given at the Paris Donor Conference on 11-12 December 2000 . “ The Security Council remains actively seized of the situation in Burundi and , in this context , will continue to receive regular reporting from the Secretariat on developments in and around the country .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	72	Previously , on 24 March , the Office of Foreign Assets Control ( OFAC ) , one of the United States Government agencies that ensures the implementation of the embargo , had issued new regulations tightening the embargo policy. Even further restrictions were placed on travel to Cuba by United States citizens , and the granting of licenses for people-to-people educational exchange was completely eliminated . At the same time , in keeping with this escalation of aggression , steps were adopted to facilitate travel to Cuba for those who want to come to our country in order to supply the mercenary groups who conspire to subvert the Cuban constitutional order . These new regulations followed a toughening of sanctions against United States citizens who travel to Cuba .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	36	In most other cases , requests for judicial assistance can be directed to the Federal Ministry of Justice or to the Regional Ministries of Justice pursuant to the applicable international agreements . No official statistics are kept on mutual legal assistance cases in Germany . It is hence not possible to provide statistical information on the time taken for processing .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	67	In developing its staffing procedures , while mindful of the importance of fielding staff in a timely and efficient manner in order to meet operational requirements and mission mandated responsibilities , the Department of Peacekeeping Operations has drawn on the provisions and spirit of documents ST/SGB/277 , ST/AI/404 and ST/AI/2002/4 further to enhance procedures for the recruitment , selection and reassignment of civilian field personnel . In keeping with the Organization 's overall human resources policies and goals , candidate selections are made on a competitive basis , with due regard to competence , performance records , skills ( including language skills and competencies ) , suitable experience , gender balance and geographical diversity within the respective mission . Competitiveness and transparency have been enhanced through the institution of comparative evaluation processes .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	28	( b ) Thirty per cent ( 30 % ) for law enforcement programmes ; ( c ) Ten per cent ( 10 % ) for the safe keeping and maintenance of seized property to be assigned as specified in the preceding article. ” As regards confiscation , Act No. 8204 provides as follows :
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	17	Last year Susan also placed 3 rd in the Finals at Westminster . From the records we keep - Susan is the only Junior who has placed in the Junior Classes in both United States and Canada . Karen Marcmann , age 16 , Trapp , Penna. , showing a Keeshond was 4 th .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	72	Recommendations for the Government were made to address those issues by AI which called for the 2003 Anti-Terrorism legislation to be reformed to comply with the Tunisia 's international human rights obligations , especially its expansive definition of terrorism and terrorism-related offences , and also called those accused under the anti-terrorism law and on other charges to receive fair trials in line with international standards . HRW also recommended that , in keeping with its obligations as a party to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights , the government of Tunisia should amend the 2003 anti-terror law in order to modify those articles that threaten fundamental human rights , such as the right to freedom of expression . In addition , the Government should ensure thorough investigations into allegations of serious violations of the law in the treatment of pre-trial suspects , including allegations of torture and mistreatment and the holding of detainees in pre-trial custody longer than the maximum period provided by law .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	50	The situation is quiet , demilitarization is not in question and it is generally understood that there is no risk of renewed hostilities . Given the presence of mines , unexploded ordnance and ammunition in the area of handover , which requires careful handling , it is my intention to keep a small core staff for a few days beyond 15 December , but not to stay beyond 31 December 2002 , to ensure that the handover is conducted in a safe and orderly fashion . The responsibility for settling this dispute rests with Croatia and the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	85	It was suggested that since more than one conflict of interest might arise in the context of the appointment of a single or the same insolvency representative , the word “ any ” should be used in the first line of the draft recommendation . With respect to the commentary , it was suggested that the possibility of a conflict of interest arising in connection with the lodging and verification of claims and the need for an insolvency representative appointed to several group members to keep information on each enterprise group member separate ( particularly in substantive consolidation ) , should be addressed . The Working Group agreed to those proposals .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	62	Let us see every Government set out its commitment to reach the target of 0.7 per cent of gross national product for development assistance within the next five years . Ireland has already made it clear that it will deliver on its commitment in this regard and will increase its overseas development aid budget by over $ 100 million next year to keep on track towards this target . Let us reassess the sustainable debt levels and provide additional relief to the heavily indebted poor countries of sub-Saharan Africa , which will suffer the most in the present economic downturn .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	52	Talent management : Centre of Excellence The Centre of Excellence for talent management will provide business and application expertise to support global implementation of PeopleSoft software for the talent management programme by designing new processes , optimizing current ones , managing complex implementation projects , providing user support and training , and keeping the complex talent management system landscape operational 24 hours a day , 7 days a week . In addition , the Centre will help to optimize the use of all talent management programme modules , and will ensure that reporting and learning management components are implemented in a cost-effective manner , thereby contributing to the overall success of the programme .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	91	Supports the Somali reconciliation conference , under the auspices of the Intergovernmental Authority on Development ( IGAD ) and the chairmanship of Kenya , as a means of achieving a comprehensive and lasting settlement of the Somali crisis ; Requests the Secretary-General to continue his contacts with a view to establishing an international committee at the regional level made up of representatives of all the States and international and regional organizations concerned with the Somali crisis in order to avoid inconsistencies and duplication of work and to enable the Somalis to keep their promises and commitments ; Invites the United Nations , the African Union , the Intergovernmental Authority on Development , the Organization of the Islamic Conference and the group of Sahel and Saharan States , acting in cooperation with the League of Arab States , to establish an emergency programme to restore security and stability in Somalia by disarming the militias and integrating them into the institutions of the Somali State and society ;
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	21	ii. Applications from women and men should be processed in exactly the same way . iii. Records and interviews should be kept , where practicable , showing why applicants were or were not appointed . iv. A person should be assessed according to his or her personal capability to carry out a given job , without discriminating on the basis of sex or marriage .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	38	( c ) Unauthorized use of signature or compromised certificate practice statement There are two aspects of unauthorized use of signature creation devices and certificates. On the one hand , a signature creation device might not be properly kept or be otherwise compromised , for instance by misappropriation by an agent of the signatory . On the other hand , the actual signing hierarchy of the certification services provider might be compromised , for instance if either the certification services provider 's own signing key or the root key are lost , or disclosed to or used by unauthorized persons , or otherwise compromised .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	49	Some States have expressed concern to the Team about the need to provide a death certificate to the Committee in support of a proposal to remove the name of a deceased person from the List . In some States no death certificates are issued , and in others record keeping has been disrupted by internal conflict . Elsewhere deaths have occurred in violent circumstances and the authorities have not been able or willing to issue an official document to certify the death .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	8	Make sauces ahead . Sweet-sour sauce can be kept warm over a second hibachi or chafing dish while charcoal in broiler is reaching glowing coal stage . Mustard cream , used as alternate dip for franks and pineapple tidbits , tastes best when served at room temperature .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	33	The Quartet , with the help of the wider world community , could find a way to implement the road map . Nepal shares the Secretary-General 's view that bold steps , in keeping with the road map , are now necessary to salvage the peace , as small steps have not worked . Some ideas might not be relevant at a certain time , but could be at another .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	59	What kind of export controls do you have in place to prevent the above targets from obtaining the items and technology necessary for weapons development and production ? Andorra has been free of weapons and war for over seven centuries , a historical fact that serves to confirm its desire to join with other countries in the efforts to keep the world free of nuclear , chemical and biological weapons . To that end , it ratified the Convention on the Prohibition of the Use , Stockpiling , Production and Transfer of Anti-Personnel Mines and on their Destruction on 29 June 1998 and the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons in June and July 1996 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	57	( i ) Whether Chilean Decree No. 598 , purporting to apply Chile 's unilateral conservation measures relating to swordfish on the high seas , was in breach of articles 87 , 89 and 116 to 119 of UNCLOS ; ( ii ) Whether the “ Galapagos Agreement ” of 14 August 2000 had been negotiated in keeping with UNCLOS , especially articles 64 and 116 to 119 ; ( iii ) Whether Chile 's actions concerning the conservation of swordfish were in conformity with article 300 of UNCLOS and whether Chile and the European Community remained under a duty to negotiate an agreement on cooperation under article 64 of UNCLOS ;
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	16	That is where the whole thing about equitable allocation of time came in . If we keep “ equitable allocation ” — and for now maybe we can dispense with the word “ distribution ” , just for discussion 's sake — we can work it out on the basis of the suggestions of the United Kingdom and Indonesia , and I think I clearly understand what the Jordanian and Egyptian representatives said . We also have the option of stopping the whole thing after “ substantive session ” .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	35	A table of copyright fees is also issued and made public . As part of the implementation of the Law , a non-profit management association named “ Nica Autor ” has been formed ( in keeping with law No. 147 , the general law on non-profit legal persons ) which , on its own behalf or on behalf of others , engages in the management of rights in works. The association is made up primarily of musical authors and therefore manages rights in musical works . There is cooperation between Nica Autor and INC with a view to training , advisement and exchange of information on the holding of commercial musical performances with respect to judicial claims for payment of copyright fees .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	12	We are determined to respond to those needs . This is in keeping with the message of resolution 1405 ( 2002 ) . All those in the international community who can help meet the humanitarian needs of Palestinian civilians should be part of this effort .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	100	The repeated postponement by the United States Government of its compliance with the decision of the competent WTO body also proves its lack of political will to help ensure the effectiveness of that body 's procedures for the settlement of disputes , at a particularly difficult period in multilateral negotiations . Bill HR 4225 , introduced recently by United States Congressman Lamar Smith ( Republican , Texas ) and co-sponsored by well-known anti-Cuba legislators , seeks to amend Section 211 , through insubstantial changes , to conform to the recommendations of the Appellate Body of the World Trade Organization and keep it in force . This Bill has a corresponding version in the Senate ( S.2373 ) , introduced by Senator Pete Domenici ( Republican , New Mexico ) and co-sponsored by senators opposed to the lifting of the embargo against Cuba .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	31	The United Nations has learned some hard lessons . Perhaps above all , we have seen that peacekeepers will not succeed in building true security if there is no peace to keep . Peacekeeping is not the right tool for every job .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	18	The O'Dwyers were real religious people except for Kate . Now it would be up to me to keep the little girl out of mischief . Pat had been worried as hell ever since she 'd lost her job on that fashion magazine .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	36	Support was also noted for the principles that have served the Intersessional Programme well to date , particularly the informal nature of the process . With respect to new Co-Rapporteurs , it was noted that in keeping with past practice , the Co-Chairs , with a view to identifying a list of nominees , had undertaken consultations with interested States parties . It was reported that these consultations - which had been undertaken with the aim of ensuring a regional balance , a balance between mine-affected and donor States parties and between the need for rotation and the need for continuity - were ongoing and that a list of nominations would be presented to all States parties as soon as possible , for consideration at the 4MSP .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	47	“ The Security Council underscored and will strengthen its relationship with civil society , including as appropriate , through , inter alia , the use of `Arria-formula ' meetings and meetings with local civil society organizations during Security Council missions . “ The Security Council agreed to keep this item under review. ” This statement will be issued as a document of the Security Council under the symbol S/PRST/2005/42 .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	40	During its thirteenth and fourteenth sessions , the Tribunal gave consideration to this item on the basis of a document prepared by Judge Akl and previous reports on the subject . At its fourteenth session , the Tribunal decided to keep the item on the agenda for discussion at its next session and requested the Registry to collect further information on the matter . Secrecy of deliberations
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	76	( b ) To continue to consider , on a priority basis and in an appropriate substantive manner and framework , the question of the implementation of the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations related to assistance to third States affected by the application of sanctions under Chapter VII of the Charter based on all of the related reports of the Secretary-General and the proposals submitted on the question ; ( c ) To keep on its agenda the question of the peaceful settlement of disputes between States ; ( d ) To consider , as appropriate , any proposal referred to it by the General Assembly in the implementation of the decisions of the High-level Plenary Meeting of the sixtieth session of the Assembly in September 2005 that concern the Charter and any amendments thereto ;
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	104	With the possibility of putting the ICC into operation now in sight , we remain optimistic that — instead of ad hoc adjudication , which , by its nature , is selective and limited in reach and , as such , nothing more than a palliative — the societies of tomorrow will not only be able to punish , but also to prevent the most atrocious international crimes through a permanent International Criminal Court with universal jurisdiction . Given the great uncertainty the global economy now must face in the light of recent events , we must not be deterred in our resolve to keep the development agenda at the forefront of all areas of the United Nations substantive agenda and to make it a reality for everyone . The spirit of cooperation and solidarity that emerged after 11 September should be reflected not only in our fight against terrorism , but in the eradication of poverty and other social and economic goals .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	54	The group inspected the site where the explosive was used , namely a building containing fortified shelters that had been damaged in the course of the United States and British aggression in December 1998 and removed by blasting . The group photographed the area and also visited the storage hangar where the HMX was kept and made a radiometric survey of the road surrounding the base , using hand-held devices . The group completed its assignment at 1215 hours and returned to the Canal Hotel at 1325 hours .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	33	On an unspecified date , one Zagolko approached this agency for services and the author subsequently visited Zagolko and signed a contract with him with the letterhead of another agency . The author kept these letterheads from the time he planned to register his own real-estate agency under this trade name . On 30 November 2000 , he and Zagolko jointly rented a locker in the depository and deposited 1 , 400 US dollars as a mutual guarantee that the deal would take place .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	66	The Office of the Special Representative and the Task Force will monitor progress concerning the integration of children and armed conflict issues into key peace-and-security activities , particularly in relation to mandates of peace operations , planning of new peace missions , reports from peacekeeping missions and country-specific and relevant thematic Security Council resolutions . The Office of the Special Representative and the Task Force will keep under regular review significant children and armed conflict developments in specific situations , in order to propose actions and raise timely alerts as necessary . The Office of the Special Representative and UNICEF will establish and manage a central monitoring and reporting information database on behalf of the steering committee , drawing on the monitoring databases compiled at the country level .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	78	Admittedly , there is no consensus among international lawyers on the meaning and scope of the obligation to avoid discrimination as between aliens. ” K.C. Kotecha , “ The Shortchanged : Uganda Citizenship Laws and How they were applied to its Asian Minority ” , International Lawyer , vol. 9 , 1975 , pp. 1-29 , at p. 25 . “ The addition of `other status ' in the Universal Declaration to the list of criteria is in keeping with the exemplary and not exhaustive character of this list ( `any discrimination such as ' ) . Karl Josef Partsch , “ Discrimination Against Individuals and Groups ” , in Rudolf Bernhardt ( dir. ) , Encyclopedia of Public International Law , Amsterdam , Elsevier Science Publishers , vol. 1 , 1992 , pp. 1079-1083 , at p. 1083 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	47	Dates and venues of future sessions Background : The SBI , at its twenty-eighth session , invited Parties to come forward with offers to host COP 16 and CMP 6 ( 2010 ) , as well as COP 17 and CMP 7 ( 2011 ) .5 In keeping with the rotation among regional groups , the President of COP 16 would come from the Group of Latin America and the Caribbean and the President of COP 17 would come from the African Group . The SBI , at the same session , also recommended the dates of 3-14 June and 11-22 November for the sessional periods in 2013 for adoption by the COP at its fourteenth session.6 Action : The COP may wish to invite the President to conduct consultations on these issues and for recommendation of draft decisions or conclusions for adoption by the COP at its fourteenth session .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	39	Please indicate how these requirements are enforced , including the names and activities of agencies responsible for oversight . No credit institution or financial institution shall have the right to open an account or accept financial resources for safe keeping without obtaining the following client identification data : 1 ) from a resident :
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	131	Commends the important role the Special Rapporteur has played towards the elimination of extrajudicial , summary or arbitrary executions and encourages the Special Rapporteur to continue , within the framework of the mandate , to collect information from all concerned , to respond effectively to information that comes before her or him , to follow up on communications and country visits and to seek the views and comments of Governments and to reflect them , as appropriate , in the elaboration of her or his reports ; Strongly urges all States to cooperate with and assist the Special Rapporteur so that her or his mandate may be carried out effectively , including , where appropriate , by issuing invitations to the Special Rapporteur when she or he so requests , in keeping with the usual terms of reference for missions by special rapporteurs of the Commission on Human Rights , and to respond to the communications transmitted to them by the Special Rapporteur ; Expresses its appreciation to those States that have invited the Special Rapporteur to visit their countries , asks them to examine carefully the recommendations made by the Special Rapporteur , invites them to report to the Special Rapporteur on the actions taken on those recommendations and requests other States , including those mentioned in the report of the Special Rapporteur , to cooperate in a similar way ;
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	42	Requests the Administrator to establish risk guidelines with respect to the proposed changes in paragraph 2 ( a ) and ( b ) above , as well as an independent expert assessment of these changes ; and Further requests the Administrator to keep the financial regulations under active review and to consult accordingly with the Executive Board . 28 January 2005
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its sixtieth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo ” . A/59/657 and A/60/389 .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	13	The women and children stayed at the Albrights ' . The women , keeping their voices low as they worked around the house or sat in the living room , sounded like chickens shut up in a coop for the night . The children had to play away from the house ( in the barn loft or the pasture behind the barn ) , to maintain a proper quietness .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	53	That is why it is of the utmost importance to my country that the humanitarian nature of the work of UNHCR be preserved , notwithstanding the demands of the fight against terrorism . It is our hope that the fight against terrorism will not aversely affect the ability of the United Nations to keep providing support , assistance and protection to refugees . Mr. Lubbers has rightly said that the United Nations and UNHCR play a coordinating role and must work with a broad range of other international , multilateral and national bodies .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	55	b As a result of the suspension of the activities of the Identification Commission , 55 civilian police and 116 international staff posts remain authorized but unbudgeted for the period . c As per paragraph 11 of the Secretary-General 's report to the Security Council ( S/2004/39 ) , the civilian police component has been kept in the proposed budget for the 2004/05 but not funded . The Advisory Committee was provided with expenditure data for the period from 1 July 2003 to 30 June 2004 as at 29 February 2004 ( see annex I below ) .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	50	The Security Council reform process has dragged on for quite a while . Although there is no quick fix , nor should one be pursued , it is time to give reforms shape and make the Council more representative in composition , more transparent in function and more capable of keeping peace . The Security Council , by doing too little too late , has often proved part of the problem , rather than of the solution .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	30	Let us remember that we are talking about weapons of mass destruction that have been condemned and outlawed by the international community . No one can expect that , by keeping a so-called chemical option open by not adhering to the Chemical Weapons Division , chances for peace will increase . Rather , the contrary is true .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	3	General Decides to keep the item entitled “ Elimination of racism and racial discrimination ” on its agenda and to consider it as a matter of high priority at its fifty-sixth session . * On behalf of the States Members of the United Nations that are members of the Group of 77 and China .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	37	The first precondition was the dismantling of the regroupment camps . This precondition has been meaningless since 31 July 2000 , because the Government had committed itself to dismantling the camps by that date , and it kept this promise , as the United Nations has confirmed on the basis of reports from its agencies working in the field in Burundi . The facilitator , Mr. Nelson Mandela , himself publicly reaffirmed these reports during the signing of the peace agreement on 28 August .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	50	All agencies , including the United Nations , the international financial institutions , the Red Cross movement and the NGO community , must support these national efforts and continue to give the tsunami recovery operation the institutional attention it deserves . In sustaining this commitment , the international community will keep faith with the millions who suffered so dramatically during the 2004 tsunami and its aftermath and enhance their prospects for a brighter future . Letter dated 31 January 2006 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 ( 2001 ) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	59	1.3 The Criminal Justice ( Terrorist Offences ) Bill 2002 , which will , inter alia , enable Ireland to accede to four more international instruments ( see paragraph 1.9 below ) , is currently awaiting committee stage in the Oireachtas ( Irish Parliament ) and is expected to be enacted during the next parliamentary session . 1.4 In keeping with its international commitments and EU Regulations for combating terrorism , Ireland has reported to the European Commission the names of 6 individuals who maintained a total of 8 accounts with financial institutions in the State . The aggregate value of funds in these accounts , which are now frozen , is €90 , 000 .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	40	The mere idea of losing it sent panicked shivers down my spine , not so much for the loss itself as for the fact that it would have been very easy to identify its source and destination . I therefore kept a close watch on it as I wrote , ate my meals and received visitors in the hotel room , whose safe inspired no confidence , since , instead of a combination lock , it had a key that seemed to have been bought at the local hardware store . I always carried it in my pocket and after every unavoidable absence I checked to ensure that the paper was still in its place and in its sealed envelope .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	43	The insertion of the phrase “ in respect of claims or disputes arising from a breach of an obligation under this Convention ” is intended to provide for the same scope of coverage in this provision as in draft article 62 . In keeping with the decision made by the Working Group ( see paras. 127-133 , A/CN.9/616 ) , Variant B of the text as it appeared in A/CN.9/WG.III/WP.56 was used as the basis for a revised draft by the Secretariat . The text suggested in this regard is intended to contain the essential elements agreed to by the Working Group , but to rephrase the provision in such a fashion so as to avoid consideration of whether rights or actions have been extinguished or time-barred .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	17	This would be in keeping with decision 12/COP.7 , paragraph 7 . It would also be in keeping with the Ouagadougou Declaration , which calls for synergistic implementation of NAPs and NAPAs , which was issued at the recent meeting of the African Ministerial Conference on Environment ( AMCEN ) , held from 24 to 25 April 2007 , in Ouagadougou , Burkina Faso ; ( e ) To recommend that affected developing countries , particularly those in Africa , be assisted to access both new and additional financial resources through complementarities with all other relevant MEAs , in order to successfully address and reverse land degradation ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	39	The first phase of the activities of the UNEP Global Programme of Action Coordination Office during the period 1996-2001 focused on setting priorities and translating the Global Programme of Action from the international to the regional level . In keeping with the Montreal Declaration on the Protection of the Marine Environment from Land-based Activities , agreed at the first session of the Intergovernmental Review Meeting on the Implementation of the Global Programme of Action in 2001 , the focus of the second phase of the UNEP Global Programme of Action Coordination Office for the period 2002-2006 was moving from planning to action . C. Considerations
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	38	Problems relating to street children , to physically or mentally disabled children and to juvenile delinquency continue today in our country . There has been an increase in the number of children whose school attendance is not in keeping with the traditionally high educational standards in Armenia . In addition to those problems — which are characteristic of the majority of countries with a transitional economy — Armenia must overcome specific problems resulting from the devastating 1988 earthquake , from the conflict in Nagorny Karabakh and from the economic blockade .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	58	Qatar commended UNRWA and its staff , who , risking their lives , provided humanitarian assistance to the Palestinians who needed it the most . In that connection , the Qatar delegation wanted to point to the need for emergency measures to effect the removal of the restrictions placed on the movement of UNRWA staff and materials in keeping with the agreement between the government of Israel and the Agency and with the principles of international law and the Fourth Geneva Convention . Archibishop Martino ( Observer for the Holy See ) noted that the preceding speakers had clearly defined the many bloody problems in the region served by UNRWA , touching upon , in particular , questions pertaining to settlements , curfews , closures , assassinations , and suicide bombings .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	63	( 3 ) The requirement of a written confirmation of a reservation is also a matter of common sense : a reservation could not be notified with any certainty to the other States and international organizations concerned , in accordance with the provisions of article 23 , paragraph 1 , if there were no formal text . This is , moreover , in keeping with a consistent practice to which there is , to the Commission 's knowledge , no exception . ( 4 ) It should , however , be pointed out that draft guideline 2.2.1 does not take a position on the question whether the formal confirmation of a reservation is always necessary. This is decided by draft guidelines 2.2.1 to 2.2.3 , which show that there are cases that do not lend themselves to such a confirmation .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	25	As part of Budget 2002 , the government has also committed the following funding over the next four years : $ 214.3 million to help keep tuition fees stable $ 5 million to remove , for students with dependent children and spouses , the one-week gap between payment of the student allowance and the Unemployment Benefit Student Hardship $ 2 million to provide a 50 percent increase in the student accommodation benefit paid to sole-parent students . As a result of its funding review , the government has recently announced its ” fee maxima ” policy .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	23	On the basis of the above discussion , it seems that the Working Group may wish to consider : Is it necessary to keep the wording “ unless provided otherwise ” ? Draft article 66 : Loss of the right to limit liability
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	58	Mr. Chidyausiku ( Zimbabwe ) said that his delegation wished to respond to the unwarranted accusations by the representative of Finland speaking on behalf of the European Union at an earlier meeting . The High Commissioner for Human Rights had emphasized dialogue and cooperation as the way forward for her mandate , which seemed a sensible approach in keeping with the ninth and tenth preambular paragraphs of General Assembly resolution 60/251 establishing the Human Rights Council . That approach seemed to be lost on the European Union , however , which ignored its own human rights violations while pointing the finger at other countries .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	49	Letters of credit that had expired by 31 December 2004 It will be recalled that I had indicated in paragraph 3 of the annex to my letter of 17 October 2005 that the cash collateral supporting the 249 letters of credit that expired by 31 December 2004 would be kept in the United Nations Iraq Account until 31 December 2005 to allow the relevant authorities to process the authentication documents for goods that were shipped during the validity of the letters of credit . Twenty-six letters of credit were fully paid subsequent to my letter of 17 October 2005 as a result of which 223 letters of credit remained as of 30 November 2005 , as shown in table 2 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	84	In addition to the responses to her note verbale , described above , the Special Rapporteur will also take into consideration the outcomes of the third expert meeting on mercenaries , due to be convened in Geneva by OHCHR in December 2004 , in pursuing the question of the new legal definition of a mercenary proposed by her predecessor . It is her intention to formulate within the coming year procedures for the incorporation of a new definition into the International Convention , in keeping with the paragraph 11 of General Assembly resolution 56/232 of 2002 , in which the Assembly requested the Special Rapporteur to propose a clearer definition of mercenaries , including clear nationality criteria , based on her findings , the proposals of States and the outcomes of the meetings of experts , and to make suggestions on the procedure to be followed for international adoption of a new definition . CURRENT STATUS OF THE INTERNATIONAL CONVENTION AGAINST THE RECRUITMENT , USE , FINANCING AND TRAINING OF MERCENARIES
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	33	Comments The report indicates that , as far as manganese nodule mining is concerned , DORD has put on hold work on exploration and other activities until the situation improves , but will keep monitoring technological and economic progress as per the programme of activities . Federal Institute for Geosciences and Natural Resources
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	92	Teachers at independent schools are not , however , entitled to benefit from the family-friendly measures introduced to all employees in the public sector such as the three-year unpaid parental leave and the further one-year career break . Moreover , whereas prior to 1 January 2001 , independent schools offered higher salaries to their teachers than those earned by teachers in the public sector , as a consequence of the increase in pay awarded to all public sector employees at the start of 2001 , independent schools are finding it hard to keep the trend . School year Teaching commences on the fourth Monday in September and ends on 6 July or on the day prior to the commencement of the annual examinations .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	50	The Security Council was briefed by the Secretariat on 5 November 1997 and announced that , in view of lack of expectations of the imminent return of additional property , the field office of the Coordinator had been closed in February 1997 . The originals of the hand-over documents are kept in the Department of Political Affairs . It should be noted that , on 3 June 1997 and on 7 December 1998 , the Permanent Representative of Iraq reported that Iraqi authorities had found in local markets several small items ( namely , a green leather bag , a revolver , a hunting rifle and several different sized dishes with decoration ) that contained markings identifying them as belonging to Kuwait .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	49	Having considered the report of the Commission on its thirty-fifth session , Concerned that activities undertaken by other bodies of the United Nations system in the field of international trade law without adequate coordination with the Commission might lead to undesirable duplication of efforts and would not be in keeping with the aim of promoting efficiency , consistency and coherence in the unification and harmonization of international trade law , as stated in its resolution 37/106 of 16 December 1982 , Reaffirming the mandate of the Commission , as the core legal body within the United Nations system in the field of international trade law , to coordinate legal activities in this field ,
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	37	The Government of Paraguay expressed its traditional position on the issue before us in a letter dated 4 September 2007 addressed to the Secretary-General in accordance with established procedure. That letter reads as follows : “ In keeping with the principle of universality enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations , and the attributes of statehood , as well as other essential circumstances , Paraguay believes that the international community can not avoid consideration of the aforementioned proposal , which reflects the aspirations of the 23 million people of Taiwan , just as it would do for any other State that met the requirements established in the Charter of the United Nations . Consistent with this policy , Paraguay supported the admission of both the People 's Republic of China and the Republic of China ( Taiwan ) to the World Trade Organization .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	42	He fought to the end to preserve it as a `` government of the people , by the people , for the people '' . The fact that the Americans who upheld the sovereignty of their states did this in order to keep many of their people more securely in slavery - the antithesis of individual liberty - made the conflict grimmer , and the greater . Out of this ordeal the citizen emerged , in the South as in the North , as America 's true sovereign , in `` a new birth of freedom '' , as Lincoln promised .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	70	During the period between 1978 and 1990 some 50 reports were submitted to IAEA , 18 of which were material balance reports ( MBR ) , another were of which 18 physical inventory listings ( PIL ) and 15 of which were inventory change reports . These reports related mostly to PE-A but some of them related to PE-B , which was established in 1989. The reports have been in keeping with the format describe in Code 10 . The said balance areas have the following features :
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	72	Beyond these measures , however , it must be remembered that the success or failure of peacekeeping operations derives above all from the will of the parties to the conflict , of the Security Council , and of other Member States to use this invaluable instrument wisely and well . Regardless of the excellence of any system or machinery , a peacekeeping operation can not succeed if there is no peace to keep , if it lacks an appropriate mandate , or if it is not given the necessary material and political support in a timely fashion . In recording further achievements in improving how we approach and deliver our peacekeeping responsibilities , the past year also offers guidance for the way ahead .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	58	Requests the Secretary-General to fill expeditiously vacant positions for web-site assistants in all official languages from external candidates , utilizing general temporary assistance ; Recalls paragraph 44 of its resolution 58/270 and takes note of the relevant paragraph of the Secretary-General 's report regarding the Repertory of Practice of the United Nations , and requests the Secretary-General to keep the matter under review and to report thereon to the General Assembly in the context of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2006-2007 ; Approves a net increase of 172 , 851 , 200 dollars in the appropriation approved for the biennium 2004-2005 and a net increase of 9 , 406 , 800 dollars in the estimates of income for the biennium , to be apportioned among expenditure and income sections as indicated in the report of the Secretary-General18 and amended to reflect the recommendation of the Advisory Committee ; 19
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	83	As the principal organ of coordination of the whole United Nations system in the economic , social and development spheres , the Council should continue to perform an active function in the promotion of integrated and coordinated activities to follow up the results of major conferences and summit meetings of the United Nations in those spheres , and to improve the statutory functions of supervision , management and guidance which it exercised over the functional commissions , funds and subsidiary programmes . In keeping with the provisions of the Charter and the mandates of the principal organs of the United Nations , the Council should intensify exchanges and collaboration with other organs , in a concerted effort to achieve the Millennium development goals . Ms. Zubcevic ( Croatia ) said that it was only the second year that the Economic and Social Council had submitted a report to the General Assembly and its Committees .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	21	I gather that we are approaching consensus on keeping “ practical confidence-building measures ” . There is a consensus also on keeping “ conventional weapons ” . We have some problems with “ verification mechanisms ” , so could we address that and try to get past that particular hurdle ?
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	47	Her country had participated in the Madrid Ministerial Round Table of West and Central African Countries on a Counter-Terrorism Legal Framework in May 2006 and in the training seminar for members of the Economic Community of West African States ( ECOWAS ) in July 2006 . In keeping with the declarations and plans of action adopted at those two events , Burkina Faso urged States and international organizations to promote an ongoing dialogue and joint activities aimed at strengthening their cooperation in order to prevent and suppress terrorism effectively . Mr. Talbot ( Guyana ) , speaking on behalf of the Rio Group , said that the Group reaffirmed its strong condemnation of terrorism in all its forms and manifestations .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	62	To that end , the Board should designate clear points of authority and responsibility for all aspects of information technology in the Organization. Some form of external evaluation of the return on investment indicators should also be introduced . While the report demonstrated that information strategy was already a powerful tool for promoting efficiency within the Organization , the General Assembly should keep the report under review , given its ambitious vision of how information and communication technology could unlock the potential of the Organization and enhance efficiency and programme quality while respecting the General Assembly 's mandates on multilingualism . Beyond the efforts already under way to improve the management of meetings and documents , technology should be used to match resources to priorities , make working practices more flexible and improve the quality of information supplied by the Organization .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	72	The Council reviewed several issues relating to the processing and payment of claims , including the twenty-eighth report of the Executive Secretary , pursuant to article 41 of the Provisional Rules for Claims Procedure , and approved corrections to certain category “ A ” , “ D ” and “ C ” Palestinian late claims . After considering the issue of duplication of awards , the Council recommended that the matter be kept on its agenda for further consideration at its next session . The Council considered a number of issues relating to the “ F4 ” environmental claims .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	43	( a ) Recommendation in paragraphs 11 ( a ) and 36 that the Tribunal be provided with copies of all agreements in respect of voluntary contributions to enable it to comply with the requirements of donors . Also , the Tribunal should keep proper record of all such agreements and monitor compliance with donor requirements . Comment .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	84	It was suggested that draft article 74 should be merged with draft article 73 to clarify that the former provision referred only to protective measures of the shipper against the carrier for claims related to liability . However , it was also indicated that the first and the second sentence of draft article 74 related to different matters , the second sentence being intended to relate strictly to arrest of ships , and that the second sentence in draft article 74 should therefore be kept in a separate article . It was further suggested that the words “ This article does not constitute ” should be corrected by replacing them with the words “ Nothing in chapter 15 constitutes ” .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	52	Consistent with paragraph 8 ( d ) of resolution 1540 ( 2004 ) and its relationship with the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons , the Commonwealth of Dominica underscores its strong advocacy for multilateral cooperation in the areas of non-proliferation and of promoting international cooperation for peaceful purposes . In keeping with this commitment to multilateral cooperation , Dominican officials have participated in regional meetings to promote the object , purpose and implementation of the Convention . The Commonwealth of Dominica , despite the challenge of capacity , is committed to realization of the objectives contained in resolution 1540 ( 2004 ) , as well as of other multilateral initiatives on the question of international peace and security , and disarmament .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	43	Not only has it incorporated measures for improving safety and security , but it has also provided for the implementation of a number of sustainable innovations , including provisions for energy efficiency , water conservation , and materials and waste management . In keeping with the environmental goals of the Organization , where possible , building equipment and systems designs will utilize innovative options and emerging technologies that promote sustainable practices , reduce resource consumption and limit waste and impact on the environment . C. Design and construction process
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	41	It must be noted that we in the State of Qatar have welcomed the road map . We expressed our support for the Quartet 's efforts to have both sides begin implementing the various stages of the road map , in keeping with the vision articulated by Mr. George Bush , President of the United States , as a basis for the final solution of establishing two States living side by side . We did so despite the many difficulties , obstacles and setbacks encountered by those efforts in the past few weeks .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	49	It could guide not only the work of the Special Committee , but also the activities of other Member States of the United Nations concerning the situation in the eleven territories under consideration . Without loosing sight of the Committee 's goals and mandate , the resolution was in keeping with the main principles of the revitalization of the work of the General Assembly and the reform of the activities of the Organization as a whole . The meeting rose at 10.40 a.m .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	108	Requests the Secretary-General to continue to include the Fund , on an annual basis , among the programmes for which funds are pledged at the United Nations Pledging Conference for Development Activities and to transmit to all Governments the appeals of the Commission for contributions for the Fund ; Calls upon the Board of Trustees of the Fund to report to the Commission at its fifty-ninth session and present an updated assessment of the global need for international funding of rehabilitation services for victims of torture and in particular of lessons and best practices learned from the Fund 's activities , and requests the Secretary-General to continue to keep the Commission informed of the operations of the Fund on an annual basis ; Requests the Secretary-General to ensure , within the overall budgetary framework of the United Nations , the provision of an adequate and stable level of staffing , as well as the necessary technical facilities , for the United Nations bodies and mechanisms dealing with torture , in order to ensure their effective performance ;
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its sixty-first session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Integrated Mission in Timor-Leste ” . 92nd plenary meeting 2 April 2007
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	66	Bearing in mind the recent developments and initiatives at the international , regional and subregional levels to prevent and suppress international terrorism , Recalling its decision in resolutions 54/110 of 9 December 1999 , 55/158 of 12 December 2000 , 56/88 of 12 December 2001 and 57/27 that the Ad Hoc Committee established by General Assembly resolution 51/210 of 17 December 1996 should address , and keep on its agenda , the question of convening a high-level conference under the auspices of the United Nations to formulate a joint organized response of the international community to terrorism in all its forms and manifestations , Aware of General Assembly resolution 57/219 of 18 December 2002 ,
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	96	Requests the Committee to continue to exert all efforts to promote the realization of the inalienable rights of the Palestinian people , including their right to self-determination , to support the Middle East peace process and to mobilize international support for and assistance to the Palestinian people , and authorizes the Committee to make such adjustments in its approved programme of work as it may consider appropriate and necessary in the light of developments and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its sixty-third session and thereafter ; Also requests the Committee to continue to keep under review the situation relating to the question of Palestine and to report and make suggestions to the General Assembly , the Security Council or the Secretary-General , as appropriate ; Further requests the Committee to continue to extend its cooperation and support to Palestinian and other civil society organizations and to continue to involve additional civil society organizations in its work in order to mobilize international solidarity and support for the Palestinian people , particularly during this critical period of humanitarian hardship and financial crisis , with the overall aim of promoting the achievement by the Palestinian people of its inalienable rights and a peaceful settlement of the question of Palestine ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	22	In addition , the Committee is concerned that in Aruba , children with disabilities are not fully integrated into society . In keeping with the Standard Rules on the Equalization of Opportunities for Persons with Disabilities ( General Assembly resolution 48/96 of 20 December 1993 ) , the Committee recommends that the State party strengthen its efforts to integrate children with disabilities into mainstream education and everyday life by : ( a ) Taking all necessary measures to eliminate waiting lists for services and programmes for children with disabilities in the Netherlands ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	36	Israel has yet to provide UNIFIL with the detailed firing data on its use of cluster munitions that I referred to in my previous report . The provision of this data , which would be in keeping with the spirit of Protocol V of the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons Which May Be Deemed to Be Excessively Injurious or to Have Indiscriminate Effects , which came into force recently , would significantly assist operators on the ground to mitigate the threat to innocent civilians . I reiterate my expectation for the provision of these data .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	61	Having considered the results of the valuation of the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Fund as at 31 December 2001 and the observations thereon by the consulting actuary of the Fund , the Committee of Actuaries and the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Board , Further takes note of the Board 's recommendation to maintain the current contribution rate but to keep it under review ; Approves the changes in the benefit provisions of the Regulations of the Fund , as set out in annex XIV of the report of the Board , to eliminate the limitation on the right to restoration for existing and future participants ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	62	Welcomes the annual contribution of 1.2 million euros pledged by the host Governments of the Convention secretariat to offset planned expenditures ; Adopts the indicative scale of assessments for the apportionment of expenses for 2005 and provisionally for 2006 as contained in table 2 of the present decision , and authorizes the head ( s ) of the Convention secretariat , in keeping with the financial rules , to adjust the scale to include all Parties for which the Convention enters into force before 1 January 2005 for 2005 , and before 1 January 2006 for 2006 ; Invites the United Nations Environment Programme and the contributors to the trust fund established for the interim phase of the Convention to transfer the unused balance of that fund to one of the trust funds referred to in paragraph 1 above , and requests the head ( s ) of the Convention secretariat to account for the funds thus transferred ;
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	30	It is a matter of deep concern that since my last report there has been no progress in the demarcation of the border . Nevertheless , the Boundary Commission has kept its field offices open with minimal staffing in anticipation of a quick resumption of its work . UNMEE continued to provide administrative and logistical support to those offices .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	95	However , it is not clear that the Government of Liberia will choose to make the recovery of assets stolen during the Taylor regime a priority . The decision by the Supreme Court of Liberia on 16 September 2005 in Urey et al v. NTGL explicitly held ( with respect to the means by which Security Council resolution 1532 ( 2004 ) may be enforced in Liberia ) the following : “ The Respondent ( NTGL ) is , however , at liberty to proceed with whatever action it wishes to pursue , but in keeping with the due process of law as enshrined in our Constitution and Statutory laws of this Country ” . Such an approach would mean committing resources to permit the Ministry of Justice to initiate and follow through on civil claims available to the Government to get back stolen assets/resources .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	76	In particular , States should be encouraged to ratify the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination and the International Convention on the Protection of the Rights of All Migrant Workers and Members of Their Families so that the latter can come into force as soon as possible . States that have already ratified the principal human rights instruments should be encouraged to implement them rigorously and to ensure that reservations are kept to a minimum and do not detract from the Convention 's overall objectives . See general recommendation XIV adopted by the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination at its forty-second session , 1993. In “ Compilation of general comments and general recommendations adopted by human rights treaty bodies ” ( HRI/GEN/1/Rev.3 ) , para. 1 .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	76	( c ) To continue to consider , on a priority basis and in an appropriate substantive manner and framework , the question of the implementation of the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations related to assistance to third States affected by the application of sanctions under Chapter VII of the Charter based on all of the related reports of the Secretary-General and the proposals submitted on the question ; ( d ) To keep on its agenda the question of the peaceful settlement of disputes between States ; ( e ) To consider , as appropriate , any proposal referred to it by the General Assembly in the implementation of the decisions of the High-level Plenary Meeting of the sixtieth session of the Assembly in September 2005 that concern the Charter and any amendments thereto ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	48	In that regard , it was important to strengthen the central , coordinating role of the United Nations , exercised through both the Security Council and the General Assembly . SCO members believed that efforts to fight terrorism must be consistent , free of double standards and in keeping with international law , and they opposed any attempt to associate terrorism with any religion , civilization or ethnic group . Effective results could only be obtained by combining preventive measures with enforcement measures .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	80	It supported the approach of treating diplomatic protection as one of the traditional means of invoking the responsibility of a State for a wrongful act and hence agreed with the definition of diplomatic protection in draft article 1 , which placed the draft articles in the broader context of State responsibility . Draft article 2 captured another fundamental element by reserving to the State of nationality the discretionary power to decide whether and how to exercise diplomatic protection , in keeping with the general aims of its foreign policy . With regard to draft article 5 , which dealt with the prerequisite of continuous nationality , the Commission had wisely decided that , if nationality was established both at the date of injury and at the date of the official presentation of the claim , it could be presumed to be continuous between those dates .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	77	The Group firmly supports further renewals of the current mandate of MINUSTAH in order to ensure and consolidate stability and security in Haiti . The Group commends the work done by the United Nations during the recent months , when the visits by the Secretary-General and the Security Council , the report of Professor Paul Collier and the recent appointment of former United States President William J. Clinton as Special Envoy have all helped not only to keep Haiti high on the international agenda , but also to gain enhanced momentum for marshalling new resources and new energies . The next two years will be decisive for Haiti , as the social and economic situation in the country remains extremely fragile .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	49	In that context , allow me to remind you of a proposal made by France and Switzerland for the protection of critical infrastructure . Needless to say , the work of the Conference on new issues must again in no way replace the traditional topics , must be in keeping with the security environment , must offer added value and must not lead to duplication . Allow me briefly to touch upon two further subjects , namely universal representation in the Conference and the role of civil society .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	17	We also kept our women 's bakeries open in different cities throughout the country . Many NGOs kept up the contributions locally , despite heightened concerns about security . WFP 's transport and logistics staff were creative and hardworking .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	25	Comparative figures for the biennium 2000-2001 have been reflected in the financial statements , as appropriate . The length of the financial report has been kept to the minimum in accordance with United Nations guidelines . The financial statements and schedules , as well as the notes thereon , are an integral part of the financial report .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	55	A second approach was that reflected in the second set of square brackets in draft paragraph 56 ( 1 ) ( d ) , where the right of control was transferred to the consignee when the goods arrived at destination and the consignee requested delivery . It was observed that these two approaches were in keeping with the tradition in many civil law countries , and that these approaches were consistent with several international transport conventions , but that certain practical problems had arisen with respect to them . A third approach was said to be that reflected in the text in paragraph 15 of A/CN.9/WG.III/WP.50/Rev.1 , where the right of control terminated when the goods had been delivered .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	52	Israel did not think it too much to expect that the fact-finding team would investigate the activities of both sides , including the use of a United Nations-administered camp as a centre for terrorist activity , in violation of international humanitarian law and Security Council resolutions . This would have been in keeping not only with basic fairness and a genuine interest in understanding the events that occurred in Jenin , but also with the guidelines and practices established regarding the conduct of fact-finding missions . It appears , however , that when it comes to Israel , the United Nations often operates by a different set of rules .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	44	Through United Nations peacekeeping , the international community comes together in a unique way to pursue peace , using some measure of military means . That was not originally envisaged in the Charter , as we all know , but it is entirely in keeping with the Charter 's vision . Peacekeeping sends a powerful signal of the international community 's intention to ensure that peace is preserved .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	32	We are convinced that our draft resolution would facilitate the reform of the Council 's working methods . We will continue to follow this question closely together with our partners , while keeping open the option of asking the General Assembly to take action on our draft resolution . Mr. Spatafora ( Italy ) : I wish to join my colleagues in thanking you , Sir , for this opportunity to , we hope , be able to advance the agenda of United Nations reform , including comprehensive reform of the Security Council .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	9	UNAMSIL is currently deployed throughout the country . In keeping with its undertaking at the first tripartite meeting ( Government of Sierra Leone , UNAMSIL , RUF ) on 15 May 2001 , RUF has complied with all major decisions , including allowing UNAMSIL free access throughout the country and to areas under its control . Paragraph 3 ( b ) : release of all abducted civilians
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its sixtieth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo ” . A/59/657 and A/60/389 .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	34	Therefore , these two monitoring exercises , both intended to assess progress worldwide , should be merged and carried out as one activity in the future . The system with quinquennial surveys should be kept and the surveys should be made in cooperation with the major international non-governmental organizations in the disability field . One part of the questionnaire could be standardized to ensure the future possibility of comparison over time .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	75	The decision to add new permanent members to the Security Council would be easier if the Member States had the ability to periodically express their views on its composition . If necessary , by means of a vote representing a two-thirds majority of the General Assembly , they should have the possibility to replace newly elected permanent members whose contribution to the achievement of the Organization 's objectives were no longer seen to be in keeping with the expectations of the large majority of Member States . That adjustment , which may appear to be somewhat theoretical , is important to the extent that it tones down the idea of permanency , a notion that causes considerable problems for a significant number of States .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	47	Mr. Tafrov ( Bulgaria ) ( spoke in French ) : I should like to tell you once again , Sir , how pleased I am to see you presiding over the work of the Security Council . I believe that the Guinean presidency was right to keep this workshop on the “ Proliferation of small arms and light weapons and mercenary activities : threats to peace and security in West Africa ” in this month 's programme of work . It not only concerns an important problem for the subregion , but also , in my delegation 's view , is a way of emphasizing the importance that the Council attaches to African issues at a time when all eyes are , of course , turned towards Iraq .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	96	The Special Rapporteur sent a letter of allegation concerning that campaign and , having carefully read the Federal Council 's reply and in view of the precedents mentioned in his mission report on Switzerland concerning , inter alia , previous UDC political campaigns , he has judged the poster to be such as to incite racial and religious hatred . Consequently , he has drawn the conclusion that freedom of expression should not act as a screen for incitement to racial and religious hatred , and that the withdrawal of the poster would be more in keeping with the recognized image of Switzerland as a country that respects human rights . The Special Rapporteur welcomes the far-reaching democratic debate within Swiss society prompted by these campaigns .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	62	The British representative replied that he had listened to the statements of the delegations of Syria and Mexico regarding the inclusion in the resolution of a paragraph on the lifting of the sanctions . He said that Iraq had previously been afforded an opportunity to rid itself of weapons of mass destruction , but had ignored it and made a decision to keep them . Consequently , any reference to the lifting of the sanctions while Iraq still had such weapons was improper .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	55	Draft resolution A/C.3/55/L.45 was adopted by 94 votes to 2 , with 64 abstentions . Ms. Monroy ( Mexico ) said that the right to freedom of travel was an important factor for the protection of the human rights of migrants but stressed that the freedom of travel referred to in paragraph 1 , in keeping with the letter and spirit of article 13 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights , clearly applied to all persons , whether migrants or not . Ms. Shestack ( United States ) said that her delegation supported those elements of the draft resolution which took a positive and forward-leaning position towards family reunification and called on all countries , including Cuba , to take steps to implement the resolution .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	45	During the past year , the Secretariat also made a valuable contribution to the Open-ended Working Group 's understanding of how the Council 's informal consultations are serviced . It was of considerable interest to many delegations to learn that the Secretariat does in fact keep records of these consultations . How these notes are stored and the regulations governing access to them will be matters that delegations will surely wish to pursue during the session ahead .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	56	I am sure that the fire you keep going under the ashes will glow again and this hall will once again witness lively and energetic negotiations as a reflection of the return of real multilateralism to the world order . I wish to assure you of the support of all peace-loving nations in your endeavours to keep this flame alive . On the substance of the work of the Conference on Disarmament I would like to say that we also believe that the current agenda of the Conference is inclusive and flexible enough to allow the Conference to deal with a variety of issues before the international community .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	34	Reports have to be submitted on all funds channelled by charitable and similar organisations , stating how the funds have been used . Audited accounts must also be enclosed confirming that accounts have been kept for the funds in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and that the funds have been used as stated in the application . Norwegian legislation provides for certain control mechanisms to supervise charitable and similar associations .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	30	Terrorism was a global phenomenon that called for a joint organized response of the international community under the leadership of the United Nations . Any measures taken must be in keeping with the Charter of the United Nations and respect basic human rights and fundamental freedoms . With regard to the draft comprehensive convention on international terrorism , Myanmar urged all parties to show maximum flexibility to reconcile the divergent positions on article 18 and article 2 bis .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	102	The principles and objectives , which were agreed by all , remain of continuing relevance and need to be reaffirmed by the international community . The International Court of Justice ( ICJ ) concluded in 1996 that : “ there exists an obligation to pursue in good faith and bring to a conclusion negotiations leading to nuclear disarmament in all its aspects under strict and effective international control. ” The UN Millennium Declaration reiterated the commitment of the Member States of the United Nations to strive for the elimination of weapons of mass destruction , in particular nuclear weapons , and to keep all options open for achieving this aim . Various proposals for nuclear disarmament have since been considered , including in a number of studies ranging from the Canberra Commission to the more recent WMD Commission .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	61	Mr. Koenders ( The Netherlands ) : Today we are discussing the urgent question of if and how we will be able to finance the Millennium Development Goals ( MDGs ) so that they can be reached by 2015 . Many countries are lagging behind in reaching many of the MDGs , so we need to step up our efforts and keep our promises . Many Group of Seven countries and new emerging donors have not come up with additional financing .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	25	Legislative and regulatory framework Parties to the Basel and Stockholm Convention should examine national controls , standards and procedures to ensure that they are in keeping with the respective conventions and with their obligations under them , including those which pertain to ESM of wastes consisting of , containing or contaminated with pesticide POPs . A link should be established in legislation between the phase-out dates for production and use of pesticide POPs ( including in products and articles ) and the disposal of the pesticide POPs once they have become waste .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	57	Recalls the endorsement of the report of the Forum Ministerial Committee on New Caledonia by leaders of the Pacific Islands Forum at its 36th Summit , in Papua New Guinea in October 2005 , and the continuing role of the Forum Ministerial Committee in monitoring developments in the Territory and encouraging closer regional engagements ; Decides to keep under continuous review the process unfolding in New Caledonia as a result of the signing of the Nouméa Accord ; Requests the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples to continue the examination of the question of the Non-Self-Governing Territory of New Caledonia and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its sixty-fourth session .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	15	Be sure to get a few more than you need . You will discover you keep the sauce for basting meat in one , use six for drinks , serve soup or coffee in another half-dozen - and need one more to mix the salad dressing . Do n't forget the joys of a meal on the road .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	37	However , my delegation notes that the application of multilingualism in the United Nations context does not equate with universality or cultural diversity . When considering multilingualism , we believe that the United Nations should continue to keep in mind the needs of those whose principal language of education is not one of the six official languages . We should be careful not to take decisions having the effect of diminishing the universal and multicultural character of this Organization .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	70	Both civil and religious marriages assign both parents the same rights and responsibilities regarding guardianship , legal protection , custody and adoption of children in customary marriages , however , owing to the lack of legal regulation , the husband has all the rights , especially in rural areas where women 's rights in general are practically non-existent . Hispanic culture prevails in the use of surnames and the wife keeps her surnames . In practice , civil and religious marriages are registered at the registry office .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	60	With respect to the Advisory Group , the evaluation team noted that it has served a valuable role in identifying and debating important issues relating to the management of the Fund and providing policy guidance and advice to the Emergency Relief Coordinator . Its mandate should be extended for two years , and its members should rotate regularly , in keeping with its status as a group of members serving in their individual capacities . The evaluation recommended that the Advisory Group should consist of 16 members , as the practice of designating alternate members should be discontinued .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	36	We note with satisfaction the statement of the Acting Prime Minister of Israel , Mr. Olmert , regarding his country 's readiness to resume talks with the Palestinians on settlement issues . That statement is in keeping with the previously stated desire of the head of the Palestinian National Authority , Mr. Abbas , to continue the peace dialogue with the Israeli leadership , and it establishes a good basis for further peaceful efforts to resolve the Israeli-Palestinian conflict on the basis of the road map . It is also important to ensure prompt resumption of the negotiating process on the Syrian-Lebanese track of the Middle East peace process .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	36	( b ) a comparison of the treatment afforded to creditors by the plan and what they would otherwise receive in liquidation ; ( c ) the basis upon which the business would be able to keep trading and could be successfully reorganized ; ( d ) information showing that , having regard to the effect of the plan , the assets of the debtor will exceed its liabilities and that adequate provision has been made for satisfaction of all obligations provided for in the plan ; and
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	46	Reaffirming its previous resolutions on Afghanistan , in particular resolutions 1267 ( 1999 ) of 15 October 1999 , 1333 ( 2000 ) of 19 December 2000 and 1363 ( 2001 ) of 30 July 2001 , Supporting international efforts to root out terrorism , in keeping with the Charter of the United Nations , and reaffirming also its resolutions 1368 ( 2001 ) of 12 September 2001 and 1373 ( 2001 ) of 28 September 2001 , Recognizing the urgency of the security and political situation in Afghanistan in light of the most recent developments , particularly in Kabul ,
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	62	When the mast was raised , Alexander gave the order for Small and Cromwell to be placed under arrest , and now three figures in irons sprawled upon the open deck and terror stalked the Somers . Spencer 's potential followers were openly sullen and morose , missing muster without excuse , expressing in ominous tones their displeasure at the prisoners being kept in irons , communicating with the three by glance and signal . One of the missing handspikes came out of its hiding place after Midshipman Tillotson had been insolently disobeyed by Seaman Wilson .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	54	It also appears in regional human rights instruments such as the Protocol of San Salvador , article 9 and the European Social Charter , article 12 . The African Charter on Human and Peoples ' Rights stipulates that the aged and the disabled shall also have the right to special measures of protection in keeping with their physical or moral needs , article 18.4 . See CESCR general comment No. 3 , para. 12 ; general comment No. 12 , para. 28 ; general comment No. 14 , para. 18 ; and general comment No. 19 , paras .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	38	Article 14. Specific obligations The carrier must during the period of its responsibility as defined in article 11 , and subject to article 27 , properly and carefully receive , load , handle , stow , carry , keep , care for , discharge and deliver the goods . [ 2. The parties may agree that the loading , stowing and discharging of the goods is to be performed by the shipper or any person referred to in article 35 , the controlling party or the consignee .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	36	Yesterday , as members know , the Secretary-General wrote to the Security Council informing it that the Commission was fully operational as of today . As requested in resolution 1595 ( 2005 ) , we will keep the Council informed of the progress of the Commission 's work . Meanwhile , since early May , United Nations electoral experts from the Electoral Assistance Division have been providing technical assistance to the Lebanese authorities for the current parliamentary elections as well as support to ensure coordination among international electoral observers .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	63	The European Union once again calls on the National Liberation Forces movement led by Agathon Rwasa to abandon the military option , which appears to be as increasingly futile as it is deadly , aggravating the enormous suffering already visited upon the population . As in its statement of 14 October , the European Union also calls on the Government of Burundi to keep the door open for negotiations . The European Union thanks the organizations and countries which made the signing possible : the Regional Initiative , the Presidency of the African Union , South Africa , contributors to the African Mission in Burundi .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-ninth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo ” . *Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-sixth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Mission in Sierra Leone ” . Fifty-seventh session
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	31	Presses not fitted with sealed spindle bearings will need a drop of oil now and then in the lubrication holes in the quill . The rest of the press should be kept clean by dusting with a clean rag or brush . Be careful to keep the drive belt free of oil and grease .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	36	Again in 2002 , a company based in Zimbabwe became one of the world 's leading providers of demining services , winning more than 130 contracts around the world worth over $ 1 billion . In keeping with the expanded potential of South-South cooperation , there has been a growing sophistication in the way developing countries are partnering together . The bilateral South-South modalities of the past are being replaced by tripartite match-ups and , beyond this , multilateral arrangements between regions .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	61	We would like to announce that within the next few days , the Government will begin consultations in this context with international bodies such as the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund and with bilateral partners , with a view to developing a strategy for the country . We then must ensure that the country have a consensus strategy in keeping with the aspirations of the Guinea-Bissau people . Combating poverty is a social problem for modern society which must be resolved to ensure that human development will be sustainable .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	58	“ The Security Council recognizes and commends the important role played by the Representative of the Secretary-General and the staff of UNOGBIS , as well as by the United Nations country team , towards helping consolidate peace , democracy and the rule of law , and expresses its appreciation for their activities . “ The Security Council will keep the situation in Guinea-Bissau under active review. ” Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1737 ( 2006 )
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	83	The Board took into consideration that the Working Group had decided at its twenty-fifth session ( see E/CN.4/Sub.2/2000/23 , sect. VI.B , recommendation 4 ) to examine at its twenty-sixth session in 2001 , as a matter of priority , the issue of trafficking in persons , with the active participation of non-governmental organizations and victims of trafficking , in preparation for the proposed United Nations year against trafficking in persons . The Board also took into consideration that the Group decided to keep under consideration at its twenty-sixth session the question of debt bondage , the role of corruption in the perpetuation of slavery and slavery-like practices , problems affecting migrant workers , the protection of child labourers , forced labour , trafficking in human organs and issues , forced marriages , ways to combat sexual abuse of children inside the family and the urgent need for adequate help to be offered to victims of such practices . On the basis of the recommendations made by the Board , the High Commissioner approved US $ 25 , 715 for travel grants ( see annex III ) and US $ 148 , 700 for project grants ( see annex IV ) , for a total amount of US $ 174 , 415 .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	38	Health , education , poverty eradication and the attainment of the Millennium Development Goals will continue to be affected . We believe that disarmament and development must complement each another and that the international community must continue to keep the development agenda at the top of its priorities as a means to ensure the enhancement of international security and long-term stability . Moreover , we are increasingly aware of the threat of weapons of mass destruction getting into the hands of terrorists .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	59	In addition , on 4 February 2009 , the new Minister of Defence issued a revised FARDC reform plan . The objectives of the reform effort are to ensure the proper instruction and training of FARDC elements , guarantee the well-being of those elements and their dependants and ensure the acquisition of relevant equipment and materials for FARDC in keeping with the aims outlined in article 187 of the Constitution . The plan foresees a total of 145 , 000 troops , which will ensure military capacities at three levels : cover , rapid reaction and principal defence forces .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	46	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of programmes of assistance to the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations resolutions and decisions relating to decolonization , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly ,
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	109	With respect to the OIOS audit of part two of the third instalment of “ F3 ” claims , the Council considered an information note on the issue and decided that , pending the submission of the final audit report on part two of the third instalment of “ F3 ” claims by OIOS , this matter should remain on its agenda . The Council also asked the secretariat to convey to the secretariat of the Security Council the request of the Governing Council for the translation of the report of the Board of Auditors on the financial statements of the Compensation Commission for the biennium 2002-2003 , and kept the consideration of the report on its agenda . The Council gave preliminary consideration to the phasing-out of the Compensation Commission in the light of an information note prepared by the secretariat , dated 11 November 2004 and decided to keep this matter on its agenda .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	71	This has now been completed through consultations with the geographical groups and the text of the report thereon , which will be sent to the President of the Assembly , is transmitted herewith for your attention and action . I am transmitting the text of the present letter also to the Chairperson of the Group of 77 , in order that he may take the necessary action towards requesting you to keep the agenda item on operational activities for development , including South-South cooperation , open , pending the tabling of a resolution on modalities by the intergovernmental body . Kindly note , however , that the question of venue is currently the subject of active negotiations between a prospective host and me ; information on this matter will be provided in due course .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	9	Indeed no . Let every policeman and park guard keep his eye on John and Jane Doe , lest one piece of bread be placed undetected and one bird survive . Of course , in this small way of forcing the people to watch as tiny and innocent and dependent creatures die because we 're afraid to feed them and afraid to protest and say `` How come ?
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	40	If there is any need at all for reform in the Security Council , it is to address that alarming practice . Any reform of the Council must therefore strengthen the inclusive and participatory character of the Organization , in keeping with the principle of the sovereign equality of States . It must be aimed at reducing the anomalies of the past , not at accentuating them or at creating distortions .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	54	Also decides that the decrease of 4 , 687 , 900 dollars in staff assessment income in respect of the financial period ended 30 June 2008 shall be set off against the credits from the amount of 225 , 443 , 200 dollars referred to in paragraphs 8 and 9 above ; Decides to keep under review during its sixty-third session the item entitled “ Financing of the African Union-United Nations Hybrid Operation in Darfur ” . Analysis of means to reach emission reduction targets and identification of ways to enhance their effectiveness and contribution to sustainable development
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	48	- Thorough security and customs checks are carried out on ships ' stores and aircraft stores , which are inspected for security purposes by means of explosive-detection equipment and dogs trained to detect explosives ; - It should be pointed out that these controls and procedures are in keeping with internationally recommended standards , i.e. : security annex 17 to the Convention on International Civil Aviation , issued by the International Civil Aviation Organization ( ICAO ) ; the International Ship and Port Facility Security Code ( ISPS Code ) , adopted by the International Maritime Organization ( IMO ) within the framework of the International Convention for the Safety of Life at Sea ; The adoption of effective measures to strengthen control of the movements of shipments of hazardous materials and chemicals classified as explosives , in accordance with the following :
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	36	Armed militia continue to disregard international law applicable to the protection of women and girls . Armed groups continue to perpetuate rape and other forms of sexual violence with impunity , and their violence and intimidation keep women away from peace processes . Similar to the findings of the evaluation of a decade of progress with the implementation of the presidential statement expressing grave concern at the growing civilian toll of conflict ( S/PRST/1999/6 ) , it can be concluded that there are “ persistent and sometimes appalling levels of human suffering owing to the fundamental failure of parties to conflict to fully respect and ensure respect for their obligations ” ( S/2009/277 , para .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	36	It was proposed during the sixteenth session that liability for “ delay ” should be deleted from the draft text ( see paras. 143-146 of A/CN.9/591 ) . However , other delegations spoke in favour of keeping the liability for delay . A deletion would call into question the rationale for creating a strict liability for submitting incorrect information , since inaccurate information was said to be the most common cause for delay .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	33	We also commend the ECOWAS initiative as well as that of the African Union who sent a joint mission to Guinea-Bissau . This time , and from now on , the army must keep the promise it made in June to the Council 's mission to West Africa not to intervene in the political process and to serve the constitutional authorities with loyalty . The unconstitutional change of power has far from miraculously eliminated the many problems that Guinea-Bissau will have to solve in partnership with the international community if it wishes to consolidate peace in the country .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	62	Draft resolution A/C.2/54/L.38 was withdrawn . Ms. Vargas ( Costa Rica ) , said that agreements must be abided by : pacta sunt seranda. When a consensus was arrived at after consultations during which every party had had the opportunity to have its say , it was difficult to understand how some parties should make known views about which they had previously kept quiet . Her delegation had voted in favour of the draft resolution and in so doing had expressed its support for and gratitude to the Vice-Chairman of the Second Committee .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	77	That form of punishment was prohibited by the International Covenant of Civil and Political Rights ( CCPR ) , by the CRC ( for crimes committed by adolescents under 18 ) and by resolution 1984/50 of the Economic and Social Council ( ECOSOC ) , endorsed without a vote by the General Assembly. The European Union reiterated its earlier appeals to the Member States to comply with those provisions . However , it was currently necessary to keep supporting those laudable commitments and to take stock in 2005 of progress made with regard to their implementation . The SADC member States had integrated the commitments of the Declaration and Plan of Action entitled “ A World Fit for Children ” into the existing national plans and poverty reduction strategies and had made considerable progress in improving the lives of children .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	82	The Committee further recalled its serious doubts about whether proposals to restrict the access of citizens and companies of Member States in arrears to opportunities for United Nations recruitment and procurement fell within its terms of reference . It recalled an earlier opinion of the United Nations Legal Counsel that the proposal that Member States in arrears should be ineligible for election to committees and other bodies is not a sanction provided for in the Charter and would therefore not be in keeping with Article 19 of the Charter . Members of the Committee had differing views on proposals for incentive payments based on the payment status of Member States , and for priority in reimbursements of troop and equipment costs to Member States which are current in their payments to the United Nations , and the Committee had decided to consider the proposals further at a future session on the basis of any guidance from the General Assembly .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	34	He added , `` If this does n't work out , the three of you barricade yourself in the house and talk terms with them '' . He handed the bayonet to Dean and kept the pistol . Susan halted Dean and kissed him .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	35	Besides the maternity and childcare leave , women and the persons mentioned in article 173 have the right to an additional unpaid leave for childcare until the child reaches 3 . During this leave they keep their positions . This leave can be taken fully or partly at any time until the child reaches 3 .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	39	The European Union ( EU ) also stands ready to support the AU mission , in close coordination with the United Nations . Resolution 1564 ( 2004 ) is a clear signal that the Security Council is determined to keep up the pressure on the Government of the Sudan , on the Sudanese Liberation Movement/Army and on the Justice and Equality Movement to return to the negotiation table and to meet the demands contained in Security Council resolutions 1556 ( 2004 ) and 1564 ( 2004 ) . Our goal is to stop the killing and the suffering of the people in Darfur .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	41	The Association of Southeast Asian Nations , together with China , Japan and the Republic of Korea was currently looking into the feasibility of establishing a prototype for an early warning system . Such a regional arrangement , which was in keeping with the Monterrey Consensus , should be further intensified to help ensure financial stability . As far as the debt was concerned , an orderly international debt-workout mechanism was vital to maintaining financial stability and investor confidence .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	30	Developed countries should strive to achieve the ODA target of 0.7 per cent of gross national income ( GNI ) . Developing countries must be assured that development financing would keep flowing and that the current crisis would not thus result in an aid crisis . The United Nations should play a leading role in monitoring aid flows , in cooperation with the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development/Development Assistance Committee .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	69	In that regard , Madagascar would like again to emphasize the sound foundation for Africa 's claim to at least two permanent seats , with the appropriate prerogatives , and two additional non-permanent seats , within an expanded 26-member Council . My delegation does not believe that claim to be unrealistic or over-ambitious ; rather , it is justified by the logic of current realities. It is also in keeping with the spirit and principle of the sovereign equality of all the States Members of the United Nations . Since the maintenance of international peace and security is a collective responsibility for all — large and small , rich and poor — scrupulous respect for that principle is essential if the Council is to gain the trust and credibility necessary for the implementation of its resolutions .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	17	Suggested improvements to the present practice : On the initiative of one of its members and in keeping with rule 39 of its provisional rules of procedure , the Security Council could resort , as appropriate , to the Arria formula to hear views and obtain or exchange information with personalities , organizations , institutions or whomever it considers pertinent , involved in a conflict . At no time will the Security Council receive representatives of Governments of United Nations Member States under this mechanism. The level of representation of the Security Council members should be commensurate with that of those invited .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	34	Although additional data for other levels were not available at the time of finalizing the present report , those data that become available will be shared with the Commission . In fact , in keeping with the Secretary-General 's reform proposals for rationalizing documentation , it is proposed that the present report be discontinued and replaced by the report of the Secretary-General to the preceding General Assembly , and that updated data , if any , be presented to the Commission orally . Gender equality goals in staffing
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	63	The United Kingdom recognizes that the heavy responsibilities which fall to the Russian Federation and the United States as the largest nuclear-weapon States do not in any way diminish the responsibilities that also fall on the smaller nuclear-weapon States ( China , France and the United Kingdom ) . They can each make an important contribution to the overall effort by : - Keeping their forces at minimum levels ; - Accepting that in due course they will need to join the larger nuclear-weapon States in negotiations about their nuclear weapons .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	71	As one important input , together with others — particularly the views of Member States — it can help us proceed with the huge task ahead , resulting , one hopes , in genuinely meaningful and adequately balanced United Nations reform . We are grateful to you , Mr. President , for leading the extensive consultations with Member States in the preparatory process for the September high-level plenary meeting , in keeping with the road map that you have outlined for us . My delegation , along with many others , participated in those deliberations in a genuine attempt to actively contribute to enhancing the efficiency of our unique and irreplaceable Organization .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	35	Despite the internal and international crises that harassed Morocco the elections remained a central issue . They figured prominently in the Balafrej government of May , 1958 , which the King was reportedly determined to keep in office until elections could be held . But the eagerly sought `` homogeneity '' of the Balafrej Council of Government was never achieved as the Istiqlal quarreled over foreign policy , labor politics and economic development .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	91	Ms. Eveline Herfkens of the United Nations Millennium Campaign stated that the world today is off track towards achieving the MDGs and running out of time as the year 2015 is fast approaching ; we will not be able to achieve the MDGs by the target date unless we reevaluate our approach and mobilize worldwide . On an encouraging note , the goals are indeed achievable ; the world community knows what needs to be done and has the resources that are necessary to achieve commitments , but promises must be kept . Ms. Herfkens then proceeded to suggest proactive ways to take action , such as lobbying the Governments of developed countries to fulfill their promise of devoting 0.7 % of their GNP to development aid .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	14	The draft decision related only to agenda item 117 . It was important to keep agenda item 110 , Crime prevention and criminal justice , under consideration because , although the Third Committee had completed its work on that item , the Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice had , at its resumed session , adopted two more draft resolutions which were to be submitted to the Economic and Social Council and the General Assembly for action . The two drafts had been attached to the Commission 's report to the Council ( E/2001/30/Rev.1 ) and issued after the Third Committee had completed its consideration of the item and taken action on the proposed drafts .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	65	An underlying concern in the debate over globalization is that environmental and social issues do not receive sufficient attention , yet the impact of globalization reaches far beyond purely financial and economic matters . By incorporating such dimensions as the environment , health , cultural diversity , social justice and governance , the debate takes on a very different framework , one much more in keeping with equitable and balanced development . This definition responds to the challenge of the Millennium Declaration , as bringing the benefits of globalization to all would involve addressing all these perspectives in an integrated manner .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	23	With more than 100 million children out of school , things can not simply continue along the present course . Eliminating poverty and keeping the pledge of quality education for all comes down to a single question . Is there the political will necessary to keep the promises made to our children ?
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	51	Other examples are the protection of civilians and the issue of sexual violence against women and girls in armed conflict , recently addressed specifically in resolution 1820 ( 2008 ) . The ICC 's role is independent , but also complementary to the mandate given to the Security Council and in keeping with the purposes of the Charter of the United Nations . We therefore hope that the Council will continue to give political backing to the ICC in carrying out its mandate under the Rome Statute .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	44	The draft resolution before us today reflects perfectly the firm will of our States to build a community of peaceful and prosperous States , inspired by the common ideal of working together for the well-being of their respective peoples . It is also in keeping with the vision inspired by the conclusions of the recent Millennium Summit . The idea of establishing a subregional parliament and a centre for human rights and democracy respond to a concern that is an ongoing priority of our subregion .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	27	The school has always maintained a farm to supply the needs of the school . In a climate hostile to agriculture , Mr. Clark has had to keep alert to the most productive farm techniques . Where a growing season may , with luck , allow 60 days without frost , and where the soil is poor , sandy , quick-drying and subject to erosion , many farmers fail .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	46	Noting that contemporary forms of victimization , while essentially directed against persons , may nevertheless also be directed against groups of persons who are targeted collectively , Recognizing that , in honouring the victims ' right to benefit from remedies and reparation , the international community keeps faith with the plight of victims , survivors and future human generations and reaffirms the international legal principles of accountability , justice and the rule of law , Convinced that , in adopting a victim-oriented perspective , the international community affirms its human solidarity with victims of violations of international law , including violations of international human rights law and international humanitarian law , as well as with humanity at large , in accordance with the following Basic Principles and Guidelines ,
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	30	Article 4 The entities specified in paragraph A of this article shall verify , on the basis of official documents , the identities and addresses of their clients and shall keep a copy of such documents and of documents pertaining to transactions and to the cases referred to above for a period of not less than five years from the completion of the transaction or the end of the relationship with the client , whichever is longer , so as to permit the Agency for Combating Money-Laundering and the Financing of Terrorism to make use of such documents if need be . C. Paragraphs A and B of this article shall apply to lawyers , drafters of legal instruments and independent accountants when preparing or carrying out transactions on behalf of their clients in connection with the following activities :
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	57	They have the support of the American people , and they are no longer an object of criticism by other nations . The reason for that is that the United States moved away from arbitrary withdrawal deadlines , which were erroneously put forward in 1976-1977 by the Carter Administration , and moved forward towards a policy of keeping the forces there until the mission was fulfilled . When we saw the historic summit of the two leaders of North and South Korea last month , we saw an event that could not have taken place had the troops not remained there .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	122	( b ) Reaffirms its decision on the framework for the Standing Committee 's programme of work ( A/AC.96/1003 paragraph 25 , sub-paragraph 2 ( c ) ) , authorizes the Standing Committee to add and delete items , if appropriate , to this framework for its meetings in 2009 and requests member States to meet in December 2008 to draw up a detailed work plan for formal adoption by the Standing Committee at its first meeting in 2009 ; ( c ) Calls upon its members to continue efforts to ensure that debate at the Executive Committee and its Standing Committee be of a substantive and interactive nature , yielding practical guidance and clear advice to the High Commissioner , in keeping with the Committee 's statutory functions ; and calls on the Office of the High Commissioner to be explicit and analytical in its reports and presentations to the Committee and to submit documentation in a timely manner ; ( d ) Further calls on the Office of the High Commissioner to consult with the Committee with regard to the ongoing reform measures and the consequent structural and management changes within the organization , including the proposed new budget structure , through informal consultative meetings as well as at Standing Committee meetings ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	43	Representatives of the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo attended the meeting , and they did in fact escort the LRA back to the border once it had agreed to return to the Sudan . Unfortunately , the LRA did not keep its word and went back to Garamba . MONUC made an attempt to attack them , which led to the unfortunate death of the eight Guatemalan peacekeepers in January this year .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	50	( b ) To keep and publish statistics on exports and imports , by origin and provenance , wherever possible , by carat weight and value , and in accordance with the relevant Harmonized Commodity Description and Coding System classifications 7102.10 , 7102.21 and 7102.31 ; ( c ) To keep and publish , on a semi-annual basis and within two months of the reference period , statistics on rough diamond production by carat weight and by value . ( d ) To collect and publish these statistics by relying in the first instance on existing national processes and methodologies ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	63	Clarification Commission On 15 November 1999 , the Follow-up Commission , submitted to the President of the Congress the preliminary draft of a bill setting up a commission for peace and harmony , the text of which had been agreed upon with organizations of civil society , based on a preliminary draft prepared by the Multi-institutional Forum for Peace and Harmony and in keeping with the Mission 's recommendations ( see A/54/526 , para . The bill was presented to the full Congress on the last day of its regular session and was referred to the Congressional Committee for Peace and Mine Clearance , which issued a favourable ruling .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	91	France , for its part , is totally determined to continue the application of all the provisions of the NPT and its three pillars ( disarmament , non-proliferation and peaceful uses ) and to work to make it universal . If we focus on the proposals on the table , if we seek dialogue and build trust , as the Ambassador of Egypt called on us to do , to carry out this consolidation which was urged on us at the beginning of our session , I would say that in keeping with the commitments entered into , since that is what we are here to discuss today , one issue has been identified as being most ripe and most suitable for the early launching of negotiations : the fissile material cut-off treaty . We believe that the cut-off is logically the next tangible and practical step to which the Conference on Disarmament can contribute in the field of nuclear disarmament .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	38	A portable kerosene range designed for use aboard boats is sold with a special railing to keep it from moving with the motion of the vessel . The Revenue Service said the addition of the attachment does not keep the range from coming under the Federal manufacturers ' excise tax on household-type appliances . Hiring the wife for one 's company may win her tax-aided retirement income .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	23	The Cayman Islands enjoys a high standard of general and specialist medical care . The Primary Health Care System is well defined in keeping with the World Health Organisation 's primary health-care policy adopted in 1978 . The Health Services Authority is the primary provider of health care in the Cayman Islands providing both primary and secondary care through the 101-bed ( inpatient ) Cayman Islands Hospital in Grand Cayman , the 18-bed Faith Hospital in Cayman Brac , four district health centres in Grand Cayman and a health centre in Little Cayman .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	39	As a practical matter , it may be necessary to tow a car to a place of safe keeping , and this also is not legally objectionable . However , a diplomatic car towed to a place of safe keeping must be made available at any time it is reclaimed , and the payment of a fine or charge can not be made a precondition for its recovery.7 The “ towed vehicle procedure ” in appendix IV of the Parking Programme does not contradict these principles , since diplomatic vehicles will be released on demand and without charge if properly registered and insured . The towing of vehicles without valid diplomatic plates or without valid registration or with lost or stolen plates seems unobjectionable .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	54	Member States should continue to support agencies ' individual emergency reserves , in addition to country-based humanitarian pooled funds such as emergency response funds and common humanitarian funds , which have been highlighted by the evaluation as essential complements to the effectiveness of the Fund . Finally , the General Assembly may wish to keep the Fund 's progress under review . In that regard , Member States may consider requesting the conduct of another independent review of the Fund in early 2011 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	52	But there are certain limits in this system , as we can see from the problems encountered by the United Nations Protection Force in the Balkans , the United Nations Operation in Somalia and the United Nations Mission in Sierra Leone . We must find and improve consultation procedures that are in keeping with the Charter and that allow troop contributors to be properly heard when they speak about the possible use of their contingents . Accordingly , we welcome the adoption of Security Council resolution 1327 ( 2000 ) of 13 November 2000 and General Assembly resolution 55/135 of 8 December 2000 , which endorsed the recommendations made by the Panel on United Nations Peace Operations with regard to strengthening consultations between the troop contributors , the Security Council and the Secretariat .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	54	It recalls that the legality of the sentence was reviewed by the Lithuanian Supreme Court , which rejected the author 's arguments that the court of first instance had imposed the wrong penalty , stating that the penalty was imposed in accordance with article 39 of the Criminal Code . This article is in keeping with the principle that a law introducing heavier penalties is not retroactive . In recognizing the legality of the penalty imposed in accordance with article 39 , the Supreme Court thus also confirmed that this penalty is in conformity with the principle of non-retroactivity provided for in article 7 of the Criminal Code .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Their reaffirmation of the recognition by the First and the Second Review Conferences of the need for a total prohibition of blinding laser weapons , the use and transfer of which are prohibited in Protocol IV , Their recognition of the importance of keeping the blinding effects related to the use of laser systems under consideration , taking into account scientific and technological developments , Part II , Review , Protocol on Blinding Laser Weapons ( Protocol IV ) , should read :
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	85	Paraguay does not allow and will not tolerate terrorist acts motivated by extremism and intolerance. The National Government has instructed the security agencies to carry out permanent surveillance of forces and/or groups , social movements , entities or NGOs which might be suspect because of the nature of their activities and their ideological , international , national or local scope , and whose actions in the country or abroad might have a negative impact on national security . In the field of education , in keeping with the Declaration adopted by the forty-forth session of the International Conference on Education held in Geneva , Switzerland , in October 1994 , at which the Integrated Framework of Action on Education for Peace , Human Rights and Democracy was drawn up , we established the Paraguayan National Commission on Cooperation with UNESCO , the United Nations agency responsible for coordinating implementation of the Plan . Since 2002 , this Commission has been carrying out a number of actions in compliance with the comprehensive plan on education for peace , bearing in mind the principles of tolerance , respect and non-discrimination of any type whatsoever .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	22	Be transparent , efficient , non-intrusive , inclusive and impartial Being transparent , efficient , non-intrusive , inclusive and impartial is in keeping with the spirit of the Convention . As such , any crucial decisions and resolutions governing the implementation of the articles of the Convention are to be made in a transparent and unambiguous manner , taking into consideration the views of developing countries and their different legal systems .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	105	It believes that the only valid negotiations , which should be limited to the Kingdom of Morocco and Frente POLISARIO , which are the two parties to the conflict , are those which deal with the modalities for implementing the Peace plan for self-determination of the people of Western Sahara , approved by the Security Council in its resolution 1495 ( 2003 ) . In this connection , Algeria regrets that its position on the question , expressed in a letter from the President of the Republic addressed to the Secretary-General , was not reflected in the body of the report of the Secretary-General in keeping with standard practice . Lastly , Algeria wishes to reaffirm its conviction that only the implementation of the Peace plan for self-determination of the people of Western Sahara , approved by the Security Council as an optimum political solution to this conflict — as it represents a delicate compromise between the positions of the two protagonists — can ensure a just and lasting settlement of the question of Western Sahara in strict accordance with the Charter of the United Nations and international law .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	56	A majority of the Commission did not support the Special Rapporteur 's proposal to split the original article 50 into two separate articles , and preferred either returning to a sole article on prohibited countermeasures or incorporating its content into article 48 . Alternatively , it was suggested that , if the distinction were to be kept , article 47 bis would have to be placed immediately before article 50 . While support was expressed for article 47 bis , a preference was also voiced for a more general formulation instead of an enumerative listing of prohibited countermeasures .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	94	Also requests the Secretary-General to develop methods and indicators for assessing the performance of conference services from a full system standpoint , in particular their cost-effectiveness , efficiency and productivity in carrying out their mandates , taking into account the best practices and experiences of other bodies and organizations that provide analogous services , including , specifically , their experience in developing unit cost measures of full work processes , and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session through the Committee on Conferences ; Encourages the Committee on Conferences to keep under continued review the procedures for the participation of observers in the work of the Committee ; Requests the Secretary-General to continue to explore all possible options to increase further the utilization of the conference centre at the Economic Commission for Africa and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session through the Committee on Conferences ;
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	21	Performance indicators , in this respect , are invaluable . We call on the Security Council to consider how best to keep track of its own record in integrating resolution 1325 ( 2000 ) into its daily work , including through the possible designation of a focal point for monitoring implementation . On the issue of gender-based violence , we listened carefully to the High Commissioner for Human Rights , Ms. Louise Arbour , when she stated that violence against women was a particularly grave human rights violation .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	46	In section V , paragraph 3 , of its resolution 53/221 , the General Assembly had requested the Secretary-General , as a matter of priority , to ascertain whether racial discrimination existed in recruitment . The fact that the race of its staff members was not kept on record had been found by the Secretariat to have been a major impediment in conducting the exercise . The Unit encouraged the Secretariat to take fuller advantage of the experiences of the World Bank in that area .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	32	The reporting obligation arises where there is a well-founded suspicion . Financial intermediaries must also immediately freeze assets entrusted to them if they are connected with the reported information , and must keep them frozen until a decision is received from the competent prosecuting authority , but not longer than five working days . During this period , financial intermediaries may not inform either the persons concerned or third parties of the report they have made .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	75	It is also concerned that there is no review by higher courts of decisions handed down by special courts like the Permanent Court of the Royal Armed Forces and the Special Court of Justice . The State party should adopt appropriate legislation so as to guarantee the presumption of innocence , as required under article 14 , paragraph 2 , of the Covenant , and ensure a right of appeal in all criminal cases in keeping with article 14 , paragraph 5 , of the Covenant . The Committee regrets the continued existence of legislation allowing the court to order imprisonment for debt arising from a contractual obligation , despite a decision by the Administrative Tribunal of Rabat holding that imprisonment may not be imposed in a particular case of this kind because it violates Morocco 's obligations under the Covenant .
keep%2:31:00::	keep.v	111	The Chilean police , for their part , have reported that they have permanently redirected their information search schemes , maintaining constant monitoring of groups or persons suspected of being connected with terrorist activities and performing intelligence analyses on the basis of available records . As for the Criminal Investigation Department , its tactical and strategic units have been reinforced and it has established ongoing communications and coordination with the International Criminal Police Organization ( Interpol ) and the Intelligence , Drug Control and Immigration offices , not just through the administrative system but also through the use of a direct-communication “ technical channel ” , thus making it possible to keep tabs on aliens suspected of connection with terrorism or unlawful acts . As one way of exchanging experience in the area of international terrorism , police intelligence officers have taken part in seminars conducted in Uruguay and Brazil , coordinating the strategies applied in each country to counter terrorism. The purpose was to have an overall view of the subject that would make it possible to standardize policies concerning investigation and the exchange of necessary information .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	27	Everything was orderly and it seemed to be arranged for the workman 's comfort , convenience and efficiency . There were tools about but they were neatly kept . There was no confusion and no litter .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	29	Ambassador Tarasov also met with the Assistant Secretary-General for Political Affairs of the Gulf Cooperation Council , Abdulkarim Al-Hamadi . The High-level Coordinator was told that the Council would keep the issues of the missing Kuwaiti and third-country nationals and that of the Kuwaiti archives on the agenda as long as those matters remained unresolved . In Jeddah , the High-level Coordinator was received by the Secretary-General of OIC , Ekmeleddin Ihsanoglu , and met with the OIC Assistant Secretary-General for Political Affairs , Izzat Mufti .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	35	It should further include precise information on the number of cases to which the new Act has been applied and on the relevant reports of the review committee . The State party is asked to keep the law and its application under strict monitoring and continuing observation . ( 6 ) The Committee is gravely concerned at reports that newborn handicapped infants have had their lives ended by medical personnel .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	122	The repeated postponement by the United States Government of its compliance with the decision of the competent WTO body irrefutably corroborates its lack of political will to help ensure the effectiveness of that organization 's procedures for the settlement of disputes , at a particularly difficult period in multilateral negotiations . Bill S.691 , introduced on 4 April 2005 by Senator Pete Domenici ( Republican , New Mexico ) and co-sponsored by anti-Cuban senators , such as Mel Martinez ( Republican , Florida ) , seeks to disguise Section 211 in cosmetic changes , creating the false impression that the necessary amendments have been made to comply with the recommendations of the WTO Appellate Body and , thereby , be able to keep it in force . This bill has a corresponding version in the House of Representatives ( Bill HR-1689 ) , introduced on 19 April 2005 by Representative Tom Feeney ( Republican , Florida ) and co-sponsored by House members opposed to the lifting of the embargo against Cuba , such as Ileana Ros-Lehtinen and Dan Burton .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	62	Having considered the results of the valuation of the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Fund as at 31 December 2001 and the observations thereon by the consulting actuary of the Fund , the Committee of Actuaries and the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Board , Further takes note of the recommendation of the Board that the current contribution rate be maintained but kept under review ; Approves , in principle , the changes in the benefit provisions of the Regulations of the Fund , as set out in annex XIV of the report of the Board , to eliminate the limitation on the right to restoration for existing and future participants , with implementation to begin at such time as the actuarial valuation of the Fund shows a clear upward pattern of surpluses ;
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	80	ACAT CONGO/FIACAT indicate that the maximum length of preventive detention is 48 hours under the Code of Criminal Procedure , that the court proceedings for considering a case can take from six months to a year , and that in most cases it is up to the detainee 's family to complain to the public prosecutor in the event of a violation . Similarly , it is difficult to know for certain if the public prosecutor checks that registers are kept in all places of detention , and especially in police stations . IFHR/OCDH stress that there are severe administrative delays , sometimes caused by the disappearance of case files from courts and tribunals .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	21	To that end , the Ethiopian Mine Action Office was established in 2001 to deal effectively with the situation . In keeping with my Government 's firm commitment to the global initiative in this sphere , Ethiopia also ratified the Ottawa Mine Ban Convention in 2004 . The Ethiopian Mine Action Office commenced its mine-clearance activities with two demining companies in 2002 .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	55	Welcomes , in this regard , the accession by New Caledonia to the status of observer in the Pacific Islands Forum , continuing high-level visits to New Caledonia by delegations from countries of the Pacific region and high-level visits by delegations from New Caledonia to countries members of the Pacific Islands Forum ; Decides to keep under continuous review the process unfolding in New Caledonia as a result of the signing of the Nouméa Accord ; Requests the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples to continue to examine the question of the Non-Self-Governing Territory of New Caledonia and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	12	Responses In responding to refugee situations , UNHCR was called upon to keep protection as its primary goal ; considerable support was voiced for strengthening the institution of asylum . The 1951 Convention and 1967 Protocol were referred to as the cornerstone of international protection .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	53	My delegation wishes to associate itself with the report of the Secretary-General on the sub-item 21 ( j ) , on cooperation between the United Nations and the Organization of African Unity ( A/56/489 ) , as requested in Assembly resolution 55/218 . Indeed , the adoption of this particular resolution was in keeping with our collective resolve to enhance the role of the Organization of African Unity ( OAU ) in all United Nations activities concerning Africa , a position that Kenya is proud to associate itself with . We acknowledge the fact that the development of the African continent will ultimately depend on the ownership of development policies and commitment of the African leaders and peoples .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	23	He also suggested deleting the last sentence of article 36 . Strong preference was expressed by all indigenous and many governmental delegations for keeping the last sentence . In this regard , another governmental delegation proposed adding in the last sentence of article 36 , after the word “ competent ” , the phrase “ national bodies or processes for negotiation and resolution or , where they do not exist , to international bodies agreed to by all parties concerned ” .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	94	Also requests the Secretary-General to develop methods and indicators for assessing the performance of conference services from a full-system standpoint , in particular their cost-effectiveness , efficiency and productivity in carrying out their mandates , taking into account the best practices and experiences of other bodies and organizations that provide analogous services , including , specifically , their experience in developing unit cost measures of full work processes , and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session , through the Committee on Conferences ; Encourages the Committee on Conferences to keep under continued review the procedures for the participation of observers in the work of the Committee ; Requests the Secretary-General to continue to explore all possible options to increase further the utilization of the conference centre at the Economic Commission for Africa and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session through the Committee on Conferences ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	103	Since 2003 , the Universal Maternal and Infant Insurance scheme covers all disorders affecting women during pregnancy , childbirth and the first six months of the post-partum period , as well as children up to the age of 5 . As part of its duties under the national health service , in addition to providing care free of charge to users in line with the national health policy , Bolivia should promote healthy and safe health facilities and personalized care , through dialogue and respect for values and beliefs , and encourage better health practices , namely those which are evidence-based and in keeping with national standards , thereby providing qualified care to pregnant women and the newborn . Rules and regulations
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	32	The lessons of history led General de Gaulle to make this crucial choice . Throughout these years , the French nuclear forces have ensured our country 's defence and greatly helped to keep the peace . Today , they remain silently watchful , so that we can live in a land of freedom which is master of its future and its destiny .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	53	The law pretends that the securities exist in physical form . Ownership rights and the transfer and pledging of book-entry securities are then explained in terms of “ possession ” and “ delivery ” through the mechanisms of immobilization or global certificates , in which physical securities are deemed to be deposited and kept in fungible ( interchangeable ) form . An investor shown on the books of the intermediary is regarded as having “ physical possession ” of the respective securities and , as a consequence , acquires a “ property interest ” in them .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	79	Reaffirms that any act of enforced disappearance is an offence to human dignity and a grave and flagrant violation of the human rights and fundamental freedoms proclaimed in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights1 and reaffirmed and developed in other international instruments in this field , as well as a violation of the rules of international law ; Urges all Governments to take appropriate legislative or other steps to prevent and suppress the practice of enforced disappearances , in keeping with the Declaration on the Protection of All Persons from Enforced Disappearance , and to take action to that end at the national and regional levels and in cooperation with the United Nations , including through technical assistance ; Calls upon Governments to take steps , when a state of emergency is introduced , to ensure that the protection of human rights is ensured , in particular as regards the prevention of enforced disappearances ;
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	38	This increase has been noted across the board irrespective of gender , area and province . rural NWFP remained at the same level in the comparative years. It be-speaks that farming has progressively been losing its capacity to keep the incremental labour force productively in situ . The details are given in Table 7.5
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	90	Requests the Committee to continue to exert all efforts to promote the realization of the inalienable rights of the Palestinian people , to support the Middle East peace process and to mobilize international support for and assistance to the Palestinian people , and authorizes the Committee to make such adjustments in its approved programme of work as it may consider appropriate and necessary in the light of developments and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session and thereafter ; Also requests the Committee to continue to keep under review the situation relating to the question of Palestine and to report and make suggestions to the General Assembly , the Security Council or the Secretary-General , as appropriate ; Further requests the Committee to continue to extend its cooperation and support to Palestinian and other civil society organizations in order to mobilize international solidarity and support for the achievement by the Palestinian people of its inalienable rights and for a peaceful settlement of the question of Palestine , and to involve additional civil society organizations in its work ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	42	Taking the developments over the past three years into account , it is timely to take stock of the operational capacity of UNIFIL and conduct a more comprehensive review . Hence , in an effort to ensure continued operational effectiveness and in keeping with peacekeeping good practice , an assessment of the force structure , assets and requirements of UNIFIL will be conducted during the coming months by the Department of Peacekeeping Operations and UNIFIL , with an emphasis on capabilities . This review will include a comprehensive evaluation of the Maritime Task Force .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	54	However , data on the general assistance that the country gets has been provided . Despite the fact that Ethiopia is a developing country , having limited capacity to extend development assistance to other countries in order to protect and promote human rights , the country has given peacekeeping forces to assist countries in keeping peace within their country , which is crucial for the existence of legal order and the protection of human rights . The Ethiopian peace keeping force has served in Rwanda , Burundi , Liberia and Somalia presenting aid to the countries forces to keep peace and stability within .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	9	Accounts and auditing ( 1 ) The Fund shall keep full and proper accounts of its activities in accordance with sound accounting principles . ( 2 ) The Fund shall keep its reserves and funds and deposit them in banks specified by the Board .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	43	The Committee has learned of recent Supreme Court decisions that appear to take the existence of that decree-law into account , particularly in reducing the applicable penalties for serious crimes committed during the dictatorship ( art . The Committee recommends that , in keeping with its earlier recommendations , the State party abrogate the Amnesty Decree-Law . The Committee draws the State party 's attention to paragraph 5 of its general comment No. 2 on the implementation of article 2 of the Convention by States parties , wherein it considers that amnesties or other impediments which preclude or indicate unwillingness to provide prompt and fair prosecution and punishment of perpetrators of torture or ill-treatment violate the principle of non-derogability .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	30	Declare their firm determination at the national level to : To take all appropriate measures to limit the consumption of methyl bromide to those strictly necessary applications that are in keeping with the spirit of the Protocol and will not lead to an increase in consumption after phase-out . Following the adoption of decision XV//56 regarding the extraordinary Meeting of the Parties to be held in March 2004 and the special meeting of the Methyl Bromide Technical Options Committee , the budget figures were revised , in decision XV/ , to reflect the additional costs of those meetings .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	83	In addition , the Division facilitated five missions of subsidiary bodies of the Council , which followed rigorous timetables and involved sensitive discussions in the regions visited . A self-assessment by the Division found room for improvements , including the need for improved communications and technology for missions , and that the Council and its sanctions committee members should be sensitized to the importance of deciding on firm dates far enough in advance to allow time for completion of all paperwork and to keep costs down . Subprogramme 4 Decolonization
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	92	Customary international law already provided that the breaching of certain obligations established to protect the interests of the international community was a direct infringement of the subjective rights of all States and gave them the right to invoke the responsibility of the State which had breached obligations which the International Court of Justice termed obligations erga omnes . Since it was necessary and very important to adopt the draft articles in toto , his delegation had accepted the compromise proposed by the Commission to delete the term “ crime ” and to keep the essentials of a specific set of regulations , while it did not contest the new definition of serious violations appearing in article 40 . However , the complex distinction between obligations erga omnes , peremptory norms and international crimes committed by the State must be brought out , since in adopting the new wording of article 40 , the Commission seemed to be extending the category of serious wrongful acts compared with that comprising international crimes .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	15	Do buy meat the day or the day before you intend to cook it . Keep it no longer than 36 hours before cooking , and keep it in the coldest ( but non-freezing ) compartment of the refrigerator . Do n't plan meals that are too complicated .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	33	Mr. Baatar ( Mongolia ) said that events of the past year had proved the validity of the six priority areas of attention identified by the Secretary-General . The United Nations had helped keep peacekeeping processes on track by organizing and monitoring elections , assisting in the repatriation and reintegration of refugees and rehabilitating war-torn economies . At the same time , the need for a closer partnership between the Security Council , the Secretariat and the troop-contributing countries was obvious , and his delegation looked forward to recommendations in that regard of the high-level panel of eminent personalities to be established by the President of the General Assembly .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	43	The resolution that we have just adopted does not , and is not intended to , correspond with that goal . In particular , we would like a timetable to be established with regard to the sequence of the political transition — in keeping with one of the proposals of the Secretary-General — which should facilitate the stabilization of Iraq . The resolution that has been adopted today does , however , meet certain specific needs that the Council has been identifying for some time — needs that were formulated by the Secretary-General himself in his July report .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	130	The NAM again calls for an international conference , to be held at the earliest possible date , with the objective of arriving at an agreement on a phased programme for the complete elimination of nuclear weapons , with a specified time frame to eliminate all nuclear weapons and to prohibit their development , production , acquisition , testing , stockpiling , transfer , use or threat of use , as well as to provide for their destruction . In that context , we reiterate the resolve demonstrated by heads of State or Government at the Millennium Summit , as contained in the Millennium Declaration ( General Assembly resolution 55/2 ) , to strive towards the elimination of weapons of mass destruction , in particular nuclear weapons , and to keep all options open to achieve that aim , including the possibility of convening an international conference to identify ways and means to eliminate nuclear dangers . The NAM continues to consider the establishment of the nuclear-weapon-free zones created by the Treaties of Tlatelolco , Rarotonga , Bangkok and Pelindaba as a positive step towards attaining the objective of nuclear disarmament .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	60	The adjacent driver in Lane B has three choices open to him . He can ( 1 ) point his car resolutely at the invading fender and force the other driver back into Lane A ; ( 2 ) slow down and permit the ambivalent driver to change lanes ; or ( 3 ) alternately accelerate and decelerate , thus keeping the first driver guessing as to his intentions , thereby making a fascinating sport of the whole affair . The really remarkable thing to me is that most California natives unhesitatingly elect to slow down and permit the invading car free access .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	76	( c ) To continue to consider , on a priority basis and in an appropriate substantive manner and framework , the question of the implementation of the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations related to assistance to third States affected by the application of sanctions under Chapter VII of the Charter based on all of the related reports of the Secretary-General and the proposals submitted on the question ; ( d ) To keep on its agenda the question of the peaceful settlement of disputes between States ; ( e ) To consider , as appropriate , any proposal referred to it by the General Assembly in the implementation of the decisions of the High-level Plenary Meeting of the sixtieth session of the Assembly in September 2005 that concern the Charter and any amendments thereto ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	25	Legislative and regulatory framework Parties to the Basel and Stockholm conventions should examine national controls , standards and procedures to ensure that they are in keeping with the conventions and with their obligations under them , including those which pertain to ESM of wastes consisting of , containing or contaminated with POPs . Most countries already have in place some form of legislation that outlines broad environmental protection principles , powers and rights .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	61	But it is not a soldier 's job to extemporize civilian police work , although they do it very well . At some point we will need to do what the Brahimi report has urged : we will have to create the conditions necessary for peace so that peacekeeping missions and missions to impose a peace — because one can not keep a peace that does not exist — can do their jobs . We must understand how necessary it is to train international police together so that they can be effective .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	41	The complainant remained in detention due to his personal circumstances and to the risk that he would go into hiding or engage in criminal activities in Sweden if released . The complainant challenged the decision of the Minister of Justice to keep him in detention but the Administrative Supreme Court upheld the decision on 27 March 2006 . A new application for asylum under the temporary wording of the 1989 Aliens Act was also rejected without having been considered on the merits .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	75	The University for Peace was established pursuant to an international agreement approved by the General Assembly in resolution 35/55 . It was established with a clear determination to provide humanity with an international institution of higher education for peace with the aim of promoting among all human beings the spirit of understanding , tolerance and peaceful coexistence , to stimulate cooperation among peoples and to help lessen obstacles and threats to world peace , in keeping with the noble aspirations proclaimed in the Charter of the United Nations . Significant efforts have been made in the past five years to revitalize and extend the activities of the University for Peace .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	73	The word “ competent ” has been inserted as agreed in the Working Group ( para. 264 , A/CN.9/616 ) . The suggested drafting changes are made to the version of this draft article as it appeared in the annex to A/CN.9/WG.III/WP.75 , in order to accommodate the possible adoption by the Working Group of a whole or partial reservation or “ opt in ” approaches with respect to chapter 15 , in keeping with paras. 265-266 of A/CN.9/616 . Variant A is intended to represent the reservation approach to the chapter on jurisdiction , while Variant B is intended to represent the “ opt-in ” approach , and Variant C , which would consist of both Variants B and C , is intended to represent a “ partial opt-in ” approach ( see A/CN.9/616 , paras .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	21	Member States should ensure that the financial ground gained was not lost . For its part , the Russian Federation would keep up its efforts to give the Organization genuine support . It had fulfilled the commitment it had given in 1995 to pay off its regular budget and peacekeeping arrears within seven years and had been free of regular budget and peacekeeping arrears for two years .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	46	The 1997 Group of Governmental Experts was established to prepare a report on the continuing operation of the Register and its further development.6 The General Assembly took note of the report7 of the Group8 and endorsed the recommendations contained therein . The Assembly also decided to keep the scope of and participation in the Register under review and , to that end , requested Member States to provide their views to the Secretary-General on the continuing operation and further development of the Register . The General Assembly also adopted resolution 52/38 B9 in which it took note of the reports of the Secretary-General on transparency in armaments10 and requested him to seek the views of Member States on ways and means of enhancing transparency in the fields of weapons of mass destruction and transfers of equipment and technology directly related to the development and manufacture of such weapons , with a view to enhancing transparency in the field of conventional weapons .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	37	Submission of the travel expense claim form The Board is concerned about the delays in the submission by travellers of the travel expense claim form ( F.10 ) after completion of travel , which is not in keeping with the requirements of ST/AI/2000/20 that liquidation shall be done within two calendar weeks after completion of travel . For example , there were six instances of delays in the submission of F.10 forms both in the Department for General Assembly and Conference Management ( 141 to 208 days ) and the Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Children and Armed Conflict ( 31 to 204 days ) .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	40	First , for the United Nations to be effective at ensuring international peace and security , all nations , large and small , should be represented in its deliberations . The Republic of China on Taiwan should no longer be kept on the sidelines of the most important international Organization . The principle of universality should be applied so that the 23 million people of Taiwan can bring their talents , their energy and their principled democratic positions to the organizations , bodies , specialized agencies and programmes of the United Nations , thereby aiding the rest of the world in pursuing our mutual agenda .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	77	The transfer of a child into alternative care should be carried out with the utmost sensitivity and in a child-friendly manner , in particular involving specially trained and , in principle , non-uniformed personnel . When a child is placed in alternative care , contact with his/her family , as well as with other persons close to him or her , such as friends , neighbours and previous carers , should be encouraged and facilitated , in keeping with the child 's protection and best interests . The child should have access to information on the situation of his/her family members in the absence of contact with them .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	45	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of assistance programmes to the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations decisions relating to decolonization , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly ,
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	43	Yugoslavia will also respect the noble goals and principles of the Charter of the United Nations . In closing , I would like to assure the Assembly that democratic Yugoslavia , its Government and its people will never waver in their resolve to keep this promise . The President : I should like to inform Member States that the flag of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia will be raised at the ceremony that will take place in front of the delegates ' entrance immediately after the adjournment of this meeting .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	22	The electoral process should proceed without any foreign interference . These demands , reiterated by the Security Council today , are in keeping with the position that it has regularly adopted for more than 25 years . The Council is not committing an act of interference by denouncing the risk to international peace and security represented by the current crisis .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	30	It could also strain their food supplies and cause serious environmental damage . Members expressed deep sympathy with the countries facing this situation and agreed that the matter should be kept under review for future study . The Committee recognized the gravity of this problem but noted that there was a serious lack of specific data .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	40	I am in parallel writing to President Karzai regarding these decisions , and all non-NATO troop-contributing nations are being informed . I look forward to staying in close contact with you on this matter and will , of course , keep you abreast of additional decisions and steps by NATO . ( Signed ) George Robertson
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	16	Nevertheless , we expressed our intention to revisit the issue . We do so today in keeping with that intention . Therefore , I have the honour to introduce draft resolution A/58/L.61 , entitled “ Status of the Occupied Palestinian Territory , including East Jerusalem ” , on behalf of Algeria , Bahrain , Bangladesh , Brunei Darussalam , the Comoros , Cuba , Djibouti , Egypt , Indonesia , Jordan , Kuwait , Lebanon , the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya , Malaysia , Mauritania , Morocco , Namibia , Oman , Qatar , Saudi Arabia , Senegal , Somalia , South Africa , the Sudan , the Syrian Arab Republic , Tunisia , the United Arab Emirates , Yemen and Palestine .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	41	Article 24 ( a ) of the Syrian Penal Code states that the extradition of political refugees will be refused if the offence for which extradition is sought is of a purely political character . The Syrian legal position is in keeping with the Model Treaty on Extradition adopted by the Eighth United Nations Congress on the Prevention of Crime and the Treatment of Offenders . Fifty-sixth session
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	73	It should be noted that the member States continue to believe that the Committee provides added value to consideration of issues relating to peace and security in Central Africa . In a lively exchange of views , member States reaffirmed the need for the Committee to strengthen relations with the Security Council , and in particular with the Ad Hoc Working Group on Conflict Prevention and Resolution in Africa , expressed approval for keeping in place the current Committee secretariat and encouraged closer cooperation between the United Nations and ECCAS in areas of common interest . The Committee reiterated its gratitude to the Secretary-General for his support for the revitalization of its work , which would contribute to peace and security in Central Africa .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	67	With regard to development and disarmament , my delegation notes with concern the continued growth of global military expenditures at the expense of resources that could have been used for development . In his recent report on the work of the Organization ( A/60/1 ) , the Secretary-General alerts us to the fact that global military expenditures exceeded $ 1 trillion in 2004 and are projected to keep rising . The relationship between disarmament and development is obvious to us .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	11	• Proceeds from the Region 's assets . The State shall keep exclusive jurisdiction over the following in particular : • The attributes of sovereignty , especially the flag , the national anthem and the currency ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	52	As of right , therefore , we expect our principal partners in development , who were still sceptical in 1996 , now to show the way forward by embracing the Government and people of the Gambia in a new spirit of solidarity geared towards a fresh and reinvigorated partnership . We have kept our part of the bargain as a nation . We have delivered what was expected of us — in fact , we did more and better than expected .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	28	Committee members had received a copy of the statement issued by the non-governmental organizations at the conclusion of the Meeting , summarizing their discussion and proposals . In keeping with standard practice , the reports of the two events would be issued as a document of the Division for Palestinian Rights and summarized in the reports to be submitted to the Millennium Assembly . The final documents of both the Conference and the Meeting could be accessed on the Division 's Web site at UNISPAL .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	32	In addition to quality assurance responsibilities , the responsibilities of the post comprise issues related to procurement , budgeting , finance , fuel accounting , flight hours tracking and reporting . In keeping with its practice , the Advisory Committee has no objection to the reclassification of the P-2 post to the P-3 level . Establishment of three posts of Aviation Assistant ( national General Service staff ) and two United Nations Volunteer positions of Air Operations Assistant in the Aviation Section , component 5 , support ( A/60/728 , table 6 , second and third bullets ) .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	42	It is well known that Japan is in no position to guarantee the security of the Democratic People 's Republic . If there is any security issue between the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea and Japan , both are committed to keeping promises made in the declaration not to do anything threatening each other 's security . The agreement and promises made between the countries should be observed on the basis of reciprocity under any circumstances .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	34	That called for the imposition of severe penalties . Perhaps Sri Lanka would consider , within the context of its constitutional reforms , characterizing violence against women as a human rights violation , in keeping with numerous international human rights instruments to which it was a party . Ms. Myakayaka-Manzini , after congratulating Sri Lanka on its efforts on behalf of women , especially in the field of law reform , said that she did not understand the necessity for a National Commission on Women .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	38	Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations ( A/59/350 ) The President ( spoke in French ) : Before turning to the items on our agenda , I should like , in keeping with established practice , to invite the attention of the General Assembly to document A/59/350 , which contains a letter from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the General Assembly in which he informs the Assembly that 13 Member States are in arrears in the payment of their financial contributions to the United Nations within the terms of Article 19 of the Charter . I should like to remind delegations that , under Article 19 of the Charter ,
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	19	Serious attention must also be given to the husband 's problems in the honeymoon situation . The necessity for keeping alert to his bride 's hazards can act as an interference with the man 's spontaneous desire . The emotional stimulation may be so great that he may experience a premature climax .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	49	Letter dated 9 June 2004 from the Chairman of the Committee As you are aware , the General Assembly , by its resolution 58/18 of 3 December 2003 , has again requested the Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People “ to continue to keep under review the situation relating to the question of Palestine and to report and make suggestions to the General Assembly or the Security Council , as appropriate . By the same resolution , the Assembly requested the Secretary-General “ to continue to provide the Committee with all the necessary facilities for the performance of its tasks ” .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	22	Since 2002 , we have started following this path . We , the children , have always been ready and willing to keep on moving forward . We are the hope and the light that can not be turned off .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	35	There were times it was n't right to make a person happy , like the times she came in the kitchen and asked for a peanut butter sandwich . `` You know we do n't keep peanut butter in this house '' , he always told her . `` Why , Winston '' , she 'd cry , `` I just now saw you eating it out of the jar '' !
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	34	It was proposed by delegations that favoured limiting the scope of the draft instrument to port-to-port transport that those words should be deleted or placed between square brackets . It was pointed out that keeping those words was more in line with the provisional working assumption made by the Working Group that the draft instrument should be prepared with door-to-door transport in mind . In addition , it was pointed out that if the words “ wholly or partly ” were deleted , the scope of the draft instrument would be limited to contracts involving exclusively sea transport .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	90	Nevertheless , the Georgian side has always opposed the visa regime and considered that it creates additional problems both in relations between the two States and for their nationals . The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia considers that the implementation of the simplified visa regime with one of Georgia 's regions — the Autonomous Republic of Adjaria — without preliminary agreement with the leaders of Georgia is a blatant violation of international law and the political ethics of relations between sovereign States , which not only is not in keeping with , but radically contradicts the repeatedly stated policy of the senior leaders of the Russian Federation with regard to Georgia , which entails good-neighbourly , equitable and friendly relations between the neighbouring States . The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia issues a strong protest in connection with the unilateral action by the leaders of the Russian Federation and is forced to consider this act as blatant infringement of Georgia 's sovereignty .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	34	The right to social security guaranteed to women under the Social Insurance Act and the health care enjoyed by women in Kuwait has already been mentioned elsewhere in this Act . Moreover , in keeping with the firmly established principles on which Kuwaiti society is based , in particular the principle of social solidarity , the State promulgated the Public Assistance Act No. 22 of 1987 , under which the State undertook to protect every Kuwaiti from misfortune . This Act sets forth the rules and regulations governing the granting of public assistance ( as specified by decree ) to Kuwaiti families and individuals .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	148	It was suggested that there was a need for the goal of transparency to be weighed against confidentiality concerns arising from creditor access to potentially sensitive commercial information ; it was noted that in cases where the plan was approved by the court , that information would generally be on the public record at some stage of the proceedings , but that consideration should be given by the court to protecting confidential information . It was suggested that the information to be included in the plan should include statements on the financial situation of the debtor , including both asset and liability and cash flow statements ; details of the precise proposals included in the plan ; details of what creditors would receive and how that would be more than they would otherwise receive in liquidation ; and the basis on which the business would be able to keep trading and could be successfully reorganized . It was observed that the plan could not provide for any action that would be illegal or contrary to law as noted in paragraph 176 of document A/CN.9/WG.V/WP.54/Add.1 , with an additional example being cited of tax laws .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	21	In conclusion , his delegation was entirely satisfied with the text , as amended . Furthermore , the text was in keeping with the tradition of previous Commission decisions on model laws , which constituted a digest to guide practitioners in the best ways of interpreting the text of a given model law . Mr. Möller ( Observer for Finland ) said that his delegation had been critical of such declarations , because it was up to the courts to apply the Convention .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	30	Invites Member States to provide information to the Working Group at its twenty-seventh session , in 2002 , about measures taken to suppress or prevent debt bondage ; Decides to keep the question of debt bondage under consideration and to assess the progress achieved at future sessions , with a view to the total elimination of this abhorrent practice . United Nations Voluntary Trust Fund
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	29	Authorized organizations and employers bear the title “ Employment Agency ” . Agencies may not request payment for services from unemployed persons registered in the records of unemployed persons kept by ESS , nor may agencies request payment for activities provided as non-payable by law or international agreement . The functioning of ESS and oversight of its work are regulated by the following :
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	21	It spearheaded the process toward decolonization and political independence . It must now , in an increasingly interdependent world and in keeping with the mandate of its Charter , play a pivotal role in promoting higher standards of living in larger freedom for the benefit of all the peoples of the world . Mr. Chakraborty ( India ) : First of all , on behalf of my country , my delegation and myself , let me express my heartfelt thanks and gratitude to you for giving me the chance to deliver a statement from the podium of the highest level of the Assembly .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	36	That would be a failure , which we could not countenance , given the hopes placed in and the efforts made by the ad hoc Tribunals . That does not at all mean that we should keep the Tribunals in their current state . Their structure and means should be adapted to their activities .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	33	Sanctions against President Taylor 's regime are linked directly to the continuation of peacekeeping operations in Sierra Leone over the coming months . While tasking the United Nations Mission in Sierra Leone to keep the peace in Sierra Leone and assist with the elections , the Council must also hold accountable , and sanction , the individuals most responsible for continuing threats to the peace and the election process . I think we have seen over the past months how important this multifaceted effort is if we are actually to help the countries of the region achieve the peace and stability that they want .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	21	There are considerable resources vested in the oil for food programme . Norway joins others in urging the Security Council to keep this programme running , to meet the most immediate humanitarian needs of the population . The oil for food programme should be used to alleviate the growing humanitarian crisis and for reconstruction .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	49	Having considered the report of the Commission on the work of its thirty-ninth session , Reiterating its concern that activities undertaken by other bodies in the field of international trade law without adequate coordination with the Commission might lead to undesirable duplication of efforts and would not be in keeping with the aim of promoting efficiency , consistency and coherence in the unification and harmonization of international trade law , Reaffirming the mandate of the Commission , as the core legal body within the United Nations system in the field of international trade law , to coordinate legal activities in this field , in particular to avoid duplication of efforts , including among organizations formulating rules of international trade , and to promote efficiency , consistency and coherence in the modernization and harmonization of international trade law , and to continue , through its secretariat , to maintain close cooperation with other international organs and organizations , including regional organizations , active in the field of international trade law ,
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	34	With the end of the Cold War , the opportunity now exists for the international community to pursue nuclear disarmament as a matter of the highest priority . We shall encourage all nations to keep all options open for achieving this aim , including the possibilities of convening an international conference to identify ways of eliminating nuclear dangers and negotiating a comprehensive and verifiable nuclear weapons convention . We affirm the importance of the early realisation of the universal adherence to the multilaterally negotiated instruments on the elimination of WMD , and urge those states not yet party to these instruments to accede to them as soon as possible .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	79	It also decided to strengthen links with the General Assembly by bringing to its attention overall policy issues that might emerge from such follow-up and might require its consideration . To improve the working methods of its functional commissions , the Economic and Social Council adopted resolution 2001/27 of 26 July 2001 , which , inter alia , encouraged the commissions to consider how best to ensure continuity in the work of their successive bureaux , to continue to keep their working methods under review and to share more systematically the outcome of their work . The Council also invited the commissions to provide further inputs into its work on means of implementation , including the role of resource mobilization , capacity-building , research and data collection and information- and knowledge-sharing in their respective areas , with a particular focus on impact , gaps , good practices and lessons learned and the types of capacity-building most commonly sought in the implementation of the outcomes of major United Nations conferences and summits , including the Millennium Summit .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	38	China welcomed the participation of a number of organizations in the pilot study for the broadbanding system and was interested in seeing satisfactory results . It wished to stress , however , that the budgetary ceiling must be kept at the current level and wished to know how ICSC planned to fund the post of a project manager to oversee the pilot study and what would be the grade level and expected duration of the post . China supported an equitable hazard pay system .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	46	The father filed a cross-application for orders that the child live with him in Australia . During the trial , the mother admitted that , if she was not allowed to move to India with her child , she would stay in Australia in order to keep custody of her . The trial judge found that this was a “ third alternative ” and ordered that the mother remain in Australia .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	26	The Tribunal continues to implement reformatory measures relating to the defence of accused persons intended to eliminate any abuses of the legal aid regime . In keeping with the details set out in the report of the Office of Internal Oversight Services ( A/55/759 ) , the Tribunal recruited a consultant to study the legal aid system in detail and to make commentaries on reform of the system . A separate report on this matter will be submitted to the General Assembly .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	24	We would like to congratulate Benin once again on its assuming the presidency of the Council for this month . In the interest of keeping within the time limit , I shall limit my oral remarks , but the full text will be circulated to delegations . We welcome this opportunity to participate in the Council 's consideration of the issue of children and armed conflict .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	73	They will complement the efforts of the TSC to ensure that the objectives of the consultations are known and understood , to monitor for any attempts to distort the outcome , and in due course to help make known the outcome of the consultations . The United Nations is also making efforts towards the same ends by conducting awareness-raising programmes for civil society , the media , and select professional groups , in keeping with the encouragement of the Security Council in a press statement “ … to accelerate wider consultations on the establishment of transitional justice mechanisms ” . C. Interaction with the international human rights mechanisms
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	94	Also requests the Secretary-General to develop methods and indicators for assessing the performance of conference services from a full system standpoint , in particular their cost-effectiveness , efficiency and productivity in carrying out their mandates , taking into account the best practices and experiences of other bodies and organizations that provide analogous services , including , specifically , their experience in developing unit cost measures of full work processes , and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session through the Committee on Conferences ; Encourages the Committee on Conferences to keep under continued review the procedures for the participation of observers in the work of the Committee ; Requests the Secretary-General to continue to explore all possible options to increase further the utilization of the conference centre at the Economic Commission for Africa and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session through the Committee on Conferences ;
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Comment : UNHCR has taken note of the advice of the ACABQ ; it has not moved to implement any of the protective mechanisms that were merely under consideration ( see 2004 Annual Programme Budget , A/AC.96/979 , para . UNHCR continues to keep the Standing Committee fully informed of exchange rate fluctuations ( EC/54/SC/CRP.8/Add.1 ) . As noted there ( para. 9 ) : “ UNHCR can not control the foreign exchange markets , but it can seek to make projections as precisely and an early as possible , and to take appropriate measures ” .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	18	We need a North-South dialogue at the highest level . As I have already said , we must keep our promises . In recent months , Iraq has made visible some international tensions .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	28	As we indicated to the Council on an earlier occasion , Pakistan has committed one battalion group for deployment to the Democratic Republic of the Congo . In keeping with our past traditions of extending unswerving support to United Nations peacekeeping efforts , we will do our utmost to contribute to the efforts of the international community to realize sustainable peace in the Democratic Republic of the Congo . Our personnel in the field would like to see the Mission be successful so that they can take pride in their contribution to the cause of peace .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	45	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of assistance programmes to the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations decisions relating thereto , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly ,
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	28	We pledged to take comprehensive and systematic action in the Declaration of Commitment on HIV-AIDS . This high-level plenary meeting is therefore primarily about how well we have kept the commitments made , up to 2003 , and about whether we are on target to keep those commitments for 2005 . It is also about keeping commitments made in the Millennium Declaration to halt the spread of the disease and to begin the process of reversal by 2015 .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	71	In 1918 Armenia had proclaimed its independence and asked the Government of Azerbaijan to yield land to enable it to establish its own State ; in solidarity , the Government of Azerbaijan had ceded territory on the understanding that in the future the two neighbouring countries would be linked and that Yerevan would become the capital of the current Armenian State . The decision by the Soviet Union in 1923 to keep Nagorno-Karabakh in Azerbaijan was not imposed by force , because that territory was already a de jure part of Azerbaijan , as had been recognized previously by the League of Nations . Ms. Aghjanian ( Armenia ) stated that as Yerevan had been established in 782 BC , its territory could not have been gifted to Armenia by Azerbaijan .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	68	To aid this process an instrument should also set out the basic practical mechanisms and guidance States should use when deciding on a case-by-case basis whether or not to allow a transfer . This does not need to be overly burdensome , but may set out , for example , the basic need to ensure all transfers are supported by appropriate documentation , and that records must be kept of all transfers . Existing work to improve the practical control of the transfer of conventional arms , as mentioned in the feasibility section ( above ) , will set the foundation for putting an instrument into practice .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	66	Acting under Chapter VII of the Charter of the United Nations , Reaffirms once again its support for the Peace Agreement , as well as for the Dayton Agreement on implementing the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina of 10 November 1995 ( S/1995/1021 , annex ) , calls upon the parties to comply strictly with their obligations under those Agreements , and expresses its intention to keep the implementation of the Peace Agreement , and the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina , under review ; Expresses its support for the declarations of the Ministerial meetings of the Peace Implementation Conference ;
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	43	Fast economic growth and urbanization had created incentives for rural workers to migrate to the cities in search of better earning opportunities , and in the process of urban development , agricultural lands were converted to alternative uses . Incentives for farmers to keep up production had been particularly low in the early 2000s , following a dramatic drop in cereal prices of more than 50 per cent between May 1996 and August 2000 . As a result , the world production of maize , rice , wheat and coarse grains lagged significantly behind consumption for four or more years in the early 2000s .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	76	My country is convinced that the mobilization of financial resources for development and the effective use of those resources in developing countries and countries in economic transition , are two crucial areas in which true international partnership should be encouraged . It is worth mentioning that the responsibility of creating and managing development programmes is first and foremost the responsibility of national Governments , in accordance with their priorities , needs and specificities , and in keeping with international strategies stemming from the Millennium Development Goals . This should take place in partnership with donor countries and international organizations , and in accordance with national goals and programmes devoted to human development .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	34	In addition , the ICBL released its 10 Guiding Principles for Victim Assistance to provide a framework for all concerned actors to plan , implement , monitor and evaluate victim assistance activities . In keeping with Action # 38 of the Nairobi Action Plan , at least 11 landmine survivors participated in the April 2007 meetings of the Standing Committees , including one who was a member of the delegation of a State Party . In keeping with Action # 39 of the Nairobi Action Plan , at least 17 States Parties included relevant health , rehabilitation , social services or disability professionals in their delegations to the April 2007 meetings of the Standing Committees .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	33	1. urged all States , in cooperation with IMO , to combat piracy and armed robbery at sea ; 2. noted the concerns of the IMO Council and IMO Secretary-General with regard to keeping shipping lanes of strategic importance and significance safe and open to international maritime traffic and thereby ensuring the uninterrupted flow of traffic , and welcomed the Council 's request , in this regard , that the Secretary-General of IMO continue work on the issue in collaboration with parties concerned ; and 3. emphasized the importance to protect and preserve the marine environment and its living marine resources against pollution and physical degradation ;
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	40	The prosecution service brings the prosecution . The Court 's disciplinary decision contains a statement of the reasons , is signed by all the judges who took part in the decision , and is then entered in a special register kept in the General Registry . Depending on the circumstances and the seriousness of the case , the Court may ask the Prince to remove the judge in question from office .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	34	He called for a greater attraction of industry and a stop to the piracy of industry by Southern states , and a strong fight against discrimination in business and industry . `` We must keep the bloodstream of New Jersey clean '' , the former Superior Court judge said . `` To prevent hoodlums from infiltrating the state as they did in the Republican administration in the early 1940 s '' .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	45	In New York , some organizations , such as FAO and UNESCO , have given an explicitly regional status to their New York LOs , with mention of “ Greater New York ” or North America . Some other agencies made a different choice , keeping two offices in New York and Washington ( FAO , WFP , WHO and the World Intellectual Property Organization ( WIPO ) ) and , concerning Europe , in Geneva and Brussels ( FAO , the United Nations Human Settlements Programme ( UN-HABITAT ) , UNIDO and WFP ) and even opening a third office in Copenhagen ( UNDP , UNFPA and WFP ) with the main purpose of fund-raising . UNEP split its own regional office for North America into two offices : the liaison function was kept in New York and the regional office moved to Washington in 1999-2000 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	37	Moreover , there was support for the principle of liability without proof of fault , which was a trend in liability regimes at both the national and international levels . Such a strict liability regime was in keeping with the “ polluter pays ” principle and was beneficial for victims of hazardous activities since it relieved them of the burden of proving fault . The need to strike a fair balance between the rights and obligations of the operator , the beneficiary of the activity and the victim was also stressed .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	50	Continuing review of the functions and operations of the secretariat Notes the information relating to the functions and operations of the secretariat as contained in several documents , particularly in document FCCC/SBI/2007/19 ; Agrees that the Subsidiary Body for Implementation should consider this matter at its twenty-ninth session , in keeping with its decision taken at its twenty-first session to continue to consider this matter annually . FCCC/SBI/2007/19 , FCCC/SBI/2007/INF.1 and FCCC/2007/INF.11 .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	18	Endorses the Monterrey Consensus as adopted by the Conference on 22 March 2002 ; Stresses the importance of keeping fully engaged , nationally , regionally and internationally , ensuring proper follow-up to the implementation of agreements and commitments reached at the Conference , and continuing to build bridges between development , finance , and trade organizations and initiatives , within the framework of the holistic agenda of the Conference ; Requests the Secretary-General to include in his report to the Assembly at its fifty-seventh session on the outcome of the Conference , as mandated in paragraph 3 of its resolution 56/210 , measures taken as well as his proposals for ensuring effective secretariat support , in pursuance of paragraph 72 of the Monterrey Consensus , building on the innovative and participatory modalities and related coordination arrangements utilized in the preparations of the Conference .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	18	UNAIDS has called for the strengthening of existing initiatives . We join that appeal , which is in keeping with the spirit and letter of the Declaration of Commitment on HIV/AIDS , adopted by the General Assembly on 27 June 2001 ( resolution S-26/2 , annex ) . As we know , in 2006 the General Assembly is to receive a comprehensive report on international progress thus far , which will provide us an opportunity to continue the debate we began with the adoption of resolution 1308 ( 2000 ) , as well as to act in a resolute and concerted manner to combat this modern scourge .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	60	He turned from the flying trees to look ahead and saw with an inward boy 's eye again the great fieldstone house which , built on one of the many acres of ancestral land bordering the west harbor , had been Izaak 's bride-gift to his cousin wife as the last century ended . Mark 's thoughts must have been keeping silent pace beside his own , climbing the same crags in dirty white sneakers , clambering out on top of the headland and coming upon the sudden glinting water at the same instant . `` Remember the Starbird ? ''
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	29	Introduction The Committee welcomes with satisfaction the fourth periodic report of Sweden , which was submitted to the Committee before the target date , and was drawn up in keeping with the Committee 's guidelines for drafting of reports . The Committee welcomes the additional information supplied by the delegation of Sweden , both orally and in writing , demonstrating the State party 's willingness to continue a frank and open dialogue with the Committee .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	20	Progress is encouraging , but must be continued and stepped up . In the Sudan , United Nations peacekeepers help keep the fragile North-South peace agreement in place , but Darfur remains for all of us a disaster . It is the responsibility of the Government of the Sudan to create the conditions in Darfur that will allow the conflict to end and a new deal for the people of Darfur to be put in place .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	11	This is not just a coincidence . It shows that by keeping alive this structure , what we have really done , ultimately , is to bring its arms , hands and legs into the twenty-first century , but keep the head and the heart in the middle of the twentieth century . How can this strange creature walking about revitalize anything or be of any relevance to the world ?
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	48	It was suggested that the goal should be collaboration , coordination and cooperation in a transparent , effective , accountable and responsive manner through , for example , memoranda of understanding that would focus on collaborative efforts in areas of shared interests . It was also suggested to keep the general item of cooperation and coordination for future Consultative Process meetings and build the issue more formally into panel discussions on specific oceans topics , thus promoting improved agency collaboration . In this connection , a suggestion was made to propose to the General Assembly that responsible agencies report back , as part of the agenda item on cooperation and coordination , the extent of their joint follow-up/coordination since the last Consultative Process meeting .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	72	In his report , Human Rights and Disabled Persons , 7 Mr. Despouy made it clear that disability is a human rights concern in which the United Nations monitoring bodies should be involved. In paragraph 274 of that report he made the following recommendation : “ After the [ United Nations ] Decade [ of Disabled Persons , 1983-1992 ] has ended , the question of human rights and disability should be kept on the agendas of the General Assembly , the Economic and Social Council , the Commission on Human Rights and the Sub-Commission [ on Prevention of Discrimination and Protection of Minorities ] as an item of constant concern and on-going attention. ” The Committee on Economic , Social and Cultural Rights in 1994 assumed the responsibility for disability rights by issuing general comment No. 5 , 8 in which the Committee analysed disability as a human rights issue .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	89	Mr. Bakoniarivo ( Madagascar ) ( spoke in French ) : I am delighted at the opportunity offered to me by the twenty-seventh special session of the General Assembly , devoted to children , to share with the entire international community the concerns and the hope inspired in the Malagasy nation by the idea of creating a world fit for children . I am convinced that the President 's diplomatic talents and wealth of experience will contribute to the success of the session , with results that are in keeping with our expectations . I wish to extend my warmest congratulations to Her Excellency Miss Patricia Durrant , Permanent Representative of Jamaica and Chair of the Preparatory Committee for the effective way in which she conducted the work of the Committee .
keep%2:40:09::	keep.v	25	We see the importance of our work , but we also see its limits . As I said this morning , effective humanitarian action — keeping people alive — can never be an alibi for real efforts to end a conflict and provide security for those whom we feed and cloth and give emergency medical assistance . Today once again we focused mainly on Africa and the unresolved African conflicts and protection crises .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	7	subregional action programme and partnership agreements In keeping with political decisions taken in the subregion , the private sector and civil society are involved in the accomplishment of IGAD 's mission . IGAD has therefore involved non-governmental organizations and grass-roots community organizations fully in the formulation and execution of the subregional action programme .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	54	In observance of World AIDS Day , a special event , organized by the United Nations Department of Public Information ( DPI ) and the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS ( UNAIDS ) , will take place on Friday , 1 December 2000 , at 10 a.m. in Conference Room 4 . In keeping with the theme `` AIDS : Men Make a Difference '' , designated by UNAIDS for its World AIDS Campaign , there will be a discussion on changes in male attitudes and behaviours that could halt the spread of AIDS . The event , moderated by Riz Khan , CNN International , is co-sponsored by the Department of Information , UNAIDS , the United Nations Children 's Fund ( UNICEF ) , the United Nations Population Fund ( UNFPA ) and loveLife/The Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation , in cooperation with the United Nations Development Programme ( UNDP ) .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	34	UNFPA complied with the request for the 2010-2011 budget proposal . The Committee notes the initiative by UNFPA to establish [ the operations manager ] posts at the national level and recommends that it keep the matter under review to ensure that national officers are used as far as possible , consistent with the efficient operations of the offices . UNFPA has consistently used national posts in its field offices and ensured the prevalence of national officers .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	8	The new century has started . We should keep on facing old problems , along with our new challenges . Some of those may be local crises , organized crime , traffic in human beings , terrorism , arms control and so forth , all of which require practical and well-oriented cooperation .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	36	In conclusion , allow me to reiterate the Secretary-General 's call urging all parties concerned to comply with all requirements of resolution 1559 ( 2004 ) without delay . We also urge all parties , in keeping with the resolution , to fully implement it and all other resolutions related to the restoration of the territorial integrity , full sovereignty and political independence of Lebanon . It is our strong belief that the full implementation of all requirements of the resolution would help enable the people of Lebanon and of the entire region to begin setting aside the enchaining and constraining vestiges of a captive past .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	55	Welcomes , in this regard , the accession by New Caledonia to the status of observer in the South Pacific Forum , continuing high-level visits to New Caledonia by delegations from countries of the Pacific region and high-level visits by delegations from New Caledonia to countries members of the South Pacific Forum ; Decides to keep under continuous review the process unfolding in New Caledonia as a result of the signing of the Nouméa Accord ; Preparatory Commission for the International Criminal Court
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	58	Decides to fix the rates of assessment in 2003 for Afghanistan at 0.001 per cent and for Argentina at 0.969 per cent , as ad hoc adjustments ; Requests the Committee on Contributions to elaborate further on the criteria regarding ad hoc adjustments of the rates of assessment for consideration and approval by the General Assembly , in keeping with rule 160 of the rules of procedure of the Assembly , so as to facilitate further its consideration of such adjustments ; Emphasizes the need to seek to preserve the integrity of the scale of assessments ;
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	36	They violate article 49 , paragraph 6 , of the Fourth Geneva Convention and their illegality has been confirmed by ICJ in its advisory opinion on the wall . There can therefore be no justification for keeping settlements . A fortiori the expansion of settlements must be completely unacceptable to the international community .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	51	It could be amended so as also to refer to the statutory right to make direct payments to the concessionaire , as proposed by the representative of the United States ; or else amended along the lines proposed by the representative of Brazil . Alternatively , the existing text could be kept , either with the sole addition of a reference to legislative recommendation 48 , or without any changes at all.51 . Mr. Wallace ( United States of America ) pointed out that , if legislative recommendation 48 were not mentioned in model provision 34 , it could nonetheless be preserved in Part One as one of the set of legislative recommendations that had not been superseded by a model provision .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	38	Indeed , the Taliban is stepping up its attacks on Government representatives and aid workers and has intensified a campaign of violence and intimidation against the local population . This terror and violence should strengthen our resolve to keep working towards our long-term objectives . There are no easy shortcuts , and we should not trade in our long-term objective of a stable Afghanistan free of terrorism and at peace with the outside world for short-term security gains .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	33	This is what the Working Group will do below . The source formulates the following arguments to support the assertions that the procedures conducted against Abassi Madani and Ali Benhadj were not in keeping with international human rights standards : Both cases were heard by military tribunals composed of a civilian appointed by the military and two officers designated by the Defence Ministry , which is incompatible with the requirement of the independence and impartiality of courts .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	48	However , it was considered preferable to retain consistent language . To achieve consistency between draft article 17 bis ( 2 ) ( iv ) and article 36 ( 1 ) ( a ) ( v ) of the Model Law , an alternative proposal was made to keep the two bracketed texts , but reverse their order . After discussion , that proposal was adopted .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	52	At its 10th meeting , on 20 June 2005 , the Special Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly that the Committee continue to be represented at seminars , meetings and conferences organized by United Nations bodies and other intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations active in the field of decolonization . In keeping with its decision of 17 February 2005 , the Committee would authorize its Chairman to hold consultations , as appropriate , concerning its participation in those meetings , as well as the level of representation , when accepting invitations . In accordance with established practice and on the basis of the principle of rotation , the Chairman would hold consultations with the Bureau members , who , in turn , would consult with the members of the Committee from their respective regional groups .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	51	There will be no development without peace . Building peace in the Middle East obliges the Palestinian leadership to put an end to terrorist attacks , to convince the most radical elements and to integrate them into their political life , to ensure that those radical elements learn to live in keeping with the maxim of the Mexican national hero who recalled that among individuals , as among nations , respect for the rights of others is peace . Moreover , countries that have supported either one of the parties to the conflict also bear great responsibility .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	60	As an alternative , the issue of the degree of exclusivity of the concession might be mentioned among the contents of the concession agreement ( see model provision 27 ( a ) ) . Given the complexity of the issues and the various policy options mentioned in the legislative recommendation , the experts agreed that it would be better to keep it as a footnote to the text of the model provision dealing with the authority to enter into concession agreements ( see model provision 3 ) . Administrative coordination ( see UNCITRAL Legislative Guide , legislative recommendation 6 , and chap. I , “ General legislative and institutional framework ” , paras .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Force in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its sixty-second session , under the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations peacekeeping forces in the Middle East ” , the sub-item entitled “ United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon ” . * On behalf of the States Members of the United Nations that are members of the Group of 77 and China .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	31	This is the third year of the Second International Decade for the Elimination of Colonialism , and 16 Non-Self-Governing Territories remain on our programme of work . This year , in keeping with the mandate of the Special Committee , we have examined developments in each one of the Non-Self-Governing Territories , based on the information provided by the Administering Powers pursuant to Article 73 e of the Charter , the working papers on each Territory , prepared by the Secretariat , and the statements made by representatives of the Territories , petitioners , non-governmental organizations and experts . In June , the Committee adopted by consensus nine resolutions and one decision .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	36	Conflicts bring with them destruction of life and property , and force substantial diversions to the defence and military sectors of scarce resources that could have been used to revamp the economies . In order to keep or create peace in Africa , the United Nations capability for conflict prevention , peaceful resolution of disputes , peacekeeping , post-conflict peace-building and reconstruction must be further strengthened . In this regard , my delegation welcomes the report of the Panel on United Nations Peace Operations and the report of the Open-ended Ad Hoc Working Group on the Causes of Conflict and the Promotion of Durable Peace and Sustainable Development in Africa .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	59	Attacks on UNAMID personnel have also increased , including the killing of one peacekeeper and the injury of three others during the month of March . Since the transfer of authority , UNAMID has lost a total of 14 peacekeepers , reminding us of the great danger of deploying a peacekeeping operation in an environment with no peace to keep . As a result of the insecurity , UNAMID has been unable to visit locations to assess the impact of the bombardments on the civilian population , including with regard to the resultant casualties , destruction of property and displacements .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	20	For each component , a summary table outlined the objects of expenditures , post requirements and activities involved . In keeping with past practice , the Standing Committee of the Board had appointed a working group to review the budget estimates for the biennium 2006-2007 and make recommendations on the Fund 's budget proposals for the biennium 2008-2009 . The Board 's discussions of its proposed budget were reflected in annex V of the report .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	21	If you have a house which heat does n't penetrate easily , your unit will have less heat to remove . Keep the direct sun from reaching the house and you 've won the first battle . In a new house , generous roof overhangs are a logical and effective solution .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	19	Let us build on that promise and press ahead with the Doha trade round . Sixth , we must keep working on Security Council reform . We have tried hard to find a way forward on that vital issue .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	46	The security forces are notified of such vessels and their cargo and provide 24 -hour protection for such containers in transit . Where the container is not in immediate transit the cargo is taken off the port and sent to the Jamaica Defence Force for safe keeping and is returned only when the departing vessel is ready to receive this cargo . In compliance with the International Ship and Port Facility Security ( ISPS ) Code , the object of which is to strengthen security in the maritime industry and to combat and suppress acts of terrorism against shipping , Jamaica has been securing its ports .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	13	Draft resolution A/58/L.61 does not create new demands . Its contents are in keeping with all General Assembly and Security Council resolutions adopted thus far on the issue . The operative part affirms that Israel , the occupying Power , has no sovereignty over any part of the occupied territory .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	26	Interaction of the Least Developed Countries Expert Group with Uganda 's national adaptation programme of action team In conjunction with its tenth meeting , and in keeping with the past practice of interacting with NAPA teams of the host country , the LEG conducted an interactive session with representatives of the Uganda NAPA team . The Uganda NAPA team noted that it was in the final stages of NAPA preparation and that the final draft had been sent to the LEG for comments .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	70	The Council requested the secretariat to continue its consultations with the Governments involved , and to provide an update on this matter at an informal meeting of the Working Group . After considering the matter of unlocated claimants in the light of the updated information note prepared by the secretariat , dated 10 November 2004 , the Council referred the matter to an informal meeting of the Working Group and kept it on the Council 's agenda . Finally , the Council addressed the issue of possible duplicate awards in the light of an information note prepared by the secretariat dated 25 February 2005 , and the presentation made by the secretariat , and noted that the secretariat will provide further information on this issue for the Working Group 's continued consideration at a future informal meeting .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	62	Until such a mission was established , he requested the United Nations to bolster AMISOM by providing resources that would enable those countries which had pledged troops to AMISOM to deploy them . In the view of Uganda , the United Nations should , in appropriate circumstances , engage in peacemaking by deploying its peacekeepers even where there was no peace to keep , as in Somalia . Mr. Cato ( Philippines ) , welcoming the initial steps taken to restructure DPKO , and the establishment of DFS , said that his delegation was particularly pleased with the creation of a public affairs unit within the office of the Under-Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	122	Encourages Member States to disseminate and share experience with regard to alternative development programmes , preventive alternative development programmes and illicit crop eradication programmes and actively to involve the beneficiary communities , together with academic and research institutions , in order to make that experience more widely known in the countries affected by illicit crops and in donor States ; Calls upon Member States , international financial institutions and development bodies and entities of the United Nations system to take alternative development programmes and preventive alternative development programmes into account in their sustainable development strategies , as an effective tool for combating poverty in areas seriously affected by illicit crops , and to promote the design of financing mechanisms that are in keeping with the reality of the beneficiary communities ; Encourages the international community to establish within the framework of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime a multilateral assistance and financing mechanism for alternative development programmes and strategies and for preventive alternative development programmes and strategies , in which Member States and international financial institutions may participate , for the purpose of assisting and supporting such programmes and strategies and directing their efforts in areas affected by illicit crops , depending on the scale of the problem in each country ;
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	85	To express its appreciation with respect to the initiative taken by claimant Governments and Iraq on environmental claims , with the assistance of the Commission , and the progress made at the meeting in Kuwait in September 2005 . To request the secretariat to develop , with outside expert assistance as necessary , detailed guidelines for monitoring the technical and financial aspects of the environmental remediation projects under the environmental programme , for consideration at future informal meetings of the Governing Council , and to keep this issue on the agenda of the Governing Council . To request the secretariat to report its findings and recommendations on the issue of environmental monitoring and assessment studies being conducted by the Government of Kuwait , including the validity of the techniques being used , in an information note for consideration at a future informal meeting of the Working Group of the Governing Council in advance of the December session of the Governing Council .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	35	Iraq 's position concerning the reform of the Security Council can be summed up as follows . First , the veto right should be limited and then phased out , because it is not in keeping with the principle of equality among States as embodied in the Charter . Second , the non-permanent members of the Council have been totally marginalized , and their presence is often but a formality .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	63	Reaffirms the terms of reference and main functions of the Committee on Conferences as formulated in section I , paragraph 1 , of resolution 41/213 and in resolution 43/222 B ; Welcomes the improved participation of observers in the work of the Committee on Conferences , the changes in the procedure governing the participation of observers and the decision of the Committee to keep this procedure under review ; Requests the Secretary-General to submit a report to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session on the mechanisms available for addressing the concerns of Member States about the efficiency , quality and delivery of conference services , including information about the way in which the concerns of Member States are recorded and reported , and the grouping of these issues in reports to the General Assembly ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	35	Question of enforced or involuntary disappearances At its fifty-ninth session , the General Assembly urged all Governments to take appropriate legislative or other steps to prevent and suppress the practice of enforced disappearances , in keeping with the Declaration on the Protection of All Persons from Enforced Disappearance , and to take action to that end at the national and regional levels and in cooperation with the United Nations , including through the provision of technical assistance ; and decided to consider the question of enforced disappearances , in particular the implementation of the Declaration , at its sixtieth session ( resolution 59/200 ) . No advance documentation is expected .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	34	It was informed that a large part of the differences in data using the new SNA related to new benchmark studies and data sources , rather than conceptual differences . The Committee decided to keep this matter under review . It encouraged all Member States to consider adopting the 1993 SNA and stressed the fact that a prompt response to the National Accounts Questionnaire would ensure that the fullest and most accurate information is available for the preparation of the next scale of assessments .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	46	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of programmes of assistance to the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations decisions relating to decolonization , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly ,
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	77	He noted the high level of vacancies in ESCWA , with 24 vacancies in the Professional category ( 23.3 per cent ) and 10 in the General Service category ( 7.6 per cent ) as at 17 June1999 . That could not fail to affect the Commission 's performance , and he endorsed the recommendation in paragraph 331 of the report of the Committee for Programme and Coordination ( A/54/16 ) that the vacancy rate should be kept under review and measures taken to reduce it . His delegation had learned of an anticipated reduction in the rate of financing from extrabudgetary resources that would make it necessary to rely on regular budget resources .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	99	It also supported the paper submitted by the Russian Federation and Belarus , proposing that the International Court of Justice be requested to give an advisory opinion on the legal consequences of the use of armed force by States without prior authorization by the Security Council , except in the exercise of the right of self-defence ( A/AC.182/L.104 ) , the revised version of which would be submitted to the Special Committee at its next session . It was to be hoped that Member States would support that document , as the ideas which it presented were fully in keeping with the principles of international law and the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations . With regard to another matter within the Special Committee 's mandate , the peaceful settlement of disputes , the Algerian delegation welcomed the Special Committee 's approval of a draft resolution on the prevention and peaceful settlement of disputes , and hoped that it would be adopted by consensus .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	54	Further decides that the decrease of 4 , 687 , 900 dollars in staff assessment income in respect of the financial period ended 30 June 2008 shall be set off against the credits from the amount of 225 , 443 , 200 dollars referred to in paragraphs 8 and 9 above ; Decides to keep under review during its sixty-third session the item entitled “ Financing of the African Union-United Nations Hybrid Operation in Darfur ” . 74th plenary meeting 24 December 2008
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	71	One of the members of the Commission advanced a proposal for compiling a report on general “ lessons learned ” during the consideration of the submission of the Russian Federation , in order to preserve a record of internal experience with regard to various procedural , information technology and logistical matters , including data storage and handling , communications with the coastal State and so forth . The report should be kept internally for future reference . Several members recognized the usefulness of such a report , especially for members of the Commission who had not been involved in the subcommission .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	41	To ensure greater predictability of the flow of debt relief , the latter would be cut off only in exceptional circumstances . The United Kingdom would be strongly pressing other donors to join this initiative and would use its influence to keep debt relief at the top of the international agenda . The additional debt relief would be available to all low-income countries with sufficiently robust expenditure management systems .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	109	Expresses the hope that the Government of Cuba will continue its efforts to boost religious freedom and will initiate measures designed to facilitate the transition towards the establishment of a fruitful dialogue with all schools of thought and organized political groups in Cuban society , notwithstanding the delicate international environment , with the aim of fostering the all-round development of democratic institutions and civil liberties ; Urges the Government of Cuba , within the context of the full exercise of its sovereignty , to cooperate with the Personal Representative of the High Commissioner by facilitating the discharge of her mandate , as other sovereign States must do , in keeping with the purposes and principles set out in the Charter of the United Nations ; Decides to consider this matter further at its sixty-first session , under the same agenda item .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	73	The Board took particularly into consideration that the Working Group had decided at its twenty-fifth session to examine as a matter of priority at its present session the issue of trafficking in persons , with the active participation of NGOs and victims of trafficking , in preparation for the proposed United Nations year against trafficking in persons . The Board also took into consideration in its selection that the Group had decided to keep under consideration at its twenty-sixth session the question of debt bondage , the role of corruption in the perpetuation of slavery and slavery-like practices , problems affecting migrant workers , the protection of child labourers , forced labour , trafficking in human organs and tissues , forced marriages , ways to combat sexual abuse of children inside the family , and the urgent need for adequate help to be offered to victims of such practices . Thanks to the contributions received from Bahrain , Brazil , Cyprus , Japan , the Netherlands , Poland and South Africa , American and Japanese associations and an increasing number of individuals , including Mrs. Warzazi and well-known Italian painters ( see E/CN.4/2001/82/Add.1 , annex I ) , and on the basis of the recommendations made by the Board at its sixth session , the High Commissioner , on behalf of the Secretary-General , had approved US $ 25 , 715 for travel grants .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	66	There are few data on the boa constrictor , those for the anaconda are unconvincing , and there is nothing at all on the amethystine python . It seems likely that the Indian python comes out ahead because records of its growth have been made more carefully and frequently ; it responds exceptionally well to captivity and does not reach proportions that make it hard to keep . I cannot make sense out of the figures for post maturity growth ; at best the annual increase appears to be a matter of inches rather than feet .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	75	Beyond all of that is the simple fact that the question of the death penalty is basically one of criminal justice as enforced and upheld within national legal systems . As long as the death penalty is not applied arbitrarily or summarily and is subject to a system of due process by competent courts , Barbados believes that it is both lawful under international law and must be seen as an internal matter fully in keeping with the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations and all of the human rights treaties to which Barbados is a party . In the light of the foregoing , the Government of Barbados will vote emphatically against draft resolution I .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	86	The drafters of the report , who are all from the region , also highlight the decline in knowledge and increasing difficulties in accessing knowledge throughout the region . The independent expert was able to investigate a number of interesting financial practices rooted in Islamic culture ( Islamic banks and microfinance , zakat , charitable awqaf ) , practices that are little known and all too rapidly rejected or even viewed with suspicion whereas they could be harnessed to combat poverty through approaches that are in keeping with local culture . The efforts of the International Organization of la Francophonie ( OIF ) in the areas of human rights and citizenship should to be highlighted .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	14	Mr. Gaspar Martins ( Angola ) , Vice-President , took the Chair . In keeping with the United Nations humanitarian reform agenda , the Fund 's main purpose is to improve international response capacity . That means improving the speed , equity and predictability of humanitarian responses on the ground .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	74	UNICEF agreed with the Board 's recommendation that it define guidelines on gifts received and given , record them , and consider introducing a single , UNICEF-wide instruction to that effect . The objectives described in the Office Management Plan for 2004-2005 were very general and applicable to UNICEF as a whole , without specific Office of the Executive Director tasks : for the biennium 2004-2005 , the Office of the Executive Director will keep working in that direction , further enhancing the agenda for children in all forums . The Office Management Plan for 2006-2007 lists some priorities : review by the Executive Director of the organization 's strategic directions , policies and structures may be expected to lead to changes ; the new configuration ( two new Deputy Executive Directors ) may also yield changes in direction and structures ; the call for UNICEF to take a leadership role in selected areas ; positioning UNICEF at the centre of the United Nations reform process ; high level of engagement of the Executive Director and the Deputies will be required for the sixtieth anniversary year of UNICEF .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	23	The United Nations shall bill the agencies for their share of the core budget . The funds of the Staff College shall be kept in a separate account to be established by the Secretary-General in accordance with the Financial Regulations of the United Nations . The funds of the Staff College shall be administered solely for the purposes of the Staff College .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	61	The Ministry of Public Management , Home Affairs , Posts and Telecommunications conducted the Survey on Time Use and Leisure Activities with the objective of clarifying the national time-budget activities , as of 20 October 2001 . In this survey , it was intended to enrich basic data contributing to the quantitative understanding of unpaid work at home including housework while keeping the items of the previous questionnaire . ( 2 ) Valuation of Unpaid Work
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	73	Mr. Isakov ( Russian Federation ) ( spoke in Russian ) : Globalization has made business not only a key player in the global economy , but also an important factor in global policy . The expansion of partnership relations between the United Nations and business , provided for in the Millennium Declaration , is an imperative of our times and should be encouraged to the extent to which such cooperation is in keeping with the spirit and letter of the United Nations Charter , above all in the social and economic sphere , is mutually beneficial and works to strengthen the authority of the Organization . It is precisely in that broad context that we view Germany 's initiative to discuss , within the framework of the Security Council , the role of business in conflict zones .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	66	Taking note of the message addressed to the Security Council on 10 November 2003 by the President of the Republic of Côte d'Ivoire , in which he requested the transformation of the United Nations Mission in Côte d'Ivoire ( MINUCI ) into a peacekeeping operation , Taking note of the request made by ECOWAS to the Security Council on 24 November 2003 to establish a peace keeping operation in Côte d'Ivoire , Noting that lasting stability in Côte d'Ivoire will depend on peace in the subregion , especially in Liberia , and emphasizing the importance of cooperation among the countries of the subregion to this end , as well as the need for co-ordination of the efforts of the United Nations Missions in the subregion to contribute to the consolidation of peace and security ,
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-eighth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo ” . A/58/447 and Corr.1 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	42	As for the feasibility of consolidating the accounts of the various peacekeeping operations , the Group would have preferred to have known the recommendations of the Advisory Committee beforehand . As pointed out by the Secretariat , such consolidation was not in keeping with current practice . Any change in the recently improved reimbursement system should be analysed from the point of view of potential benefits to Member States .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	30	Procurement , property management and general operating functions of the Secretariat should be handled to the extent feasible by the Common Services Division ( see para . The Secretariat shall keep its own property inventories ( see para. 338 ) and shall be involved in procurement decisions that relate to its requirements . Translation and interpretation services should also be pooled , in spite of the possibility that there will be competing demands for such services , even within the organs of the Court .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	38	With this objective , economic and institutional resources have been invested , although still inadequate , to bridge the principal gaps in access of women , girls and adolescents to basic social rights . These actions are in keeping with the requirements of the Millennium Declaration , the Beijing Platform for Action and the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women , collected in the Plan for Equal Opportunity for Ecuadorian Women 2005-2009 , a national policy established by Executive Order 1207-A , issued 9 March 2006 . The current situation of women in figures
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	33	LDCs should receive more support from the international community to help them take advantage of the special and favourable measures . Finally , he encouraged the international community to adopt appropriate measures in keeping with the national conditions and special needs of various LDCs . The representative of the United States of America reaffirmed his country 's strong commitment to promoting development and poverty reduction , particularly in the least developed countries .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	51	Accordingly , his delegation supported the inclusion of the item in the agenda . Ms. Drayton ( Guyana ) said that Guyana had always supported General Assembly resolution 2758 ( XXVI ) , and any consideration of Taiwan 's participation in the work of the United Nations would not be in keeping with the provisions of that resolution . Her delegation strongly opposed the inclusion of the proposed item in the agenda .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	80	Venezuela reaffirms its concern for the well-being of our brothers and sisters , the peoples of Africa , which will only be possible if their most pressing needs are met in the framework of complete freedom and the full enjoyment of human rights . At the same time , it is essential for the international community to give all the support requested in order to ensure that African nations have direct control over their political and economic processes , in keeping with the principle of the self-determination of peoples . The United Nations Charter was crafted in order to ensure respect and enjoyment of such principles and to pave the way to peace , not to allow war to prevail .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	52	A question was raised whether it might be desirable to adjust the title of draft article 49 to reflect the fact that the negotiable transport document or electronic transport record might , in some cases , not require surrender . In response , it was said that it would be preferable to keep the title as drafted , as the general rule under draft article 49 would still require surrender of the negotiable document or record , and that paragraph 2 was meant to be an exception to that general rule . There was support for that view .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	36	For Saddam Hussain , possession of the world 's most deadly weapons is the ultimate trump card , the one he must hold to fulfil his ambition . We know that Saddam Hussain is determined to keep his weapons of mass destruction . He is determined to make more .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	4	Draft article 49 In keeping with the suggested change to draft article 44 , paragraph 1 , the reference to “ article 11 , paragraph 2 ” in subparagraph ( a ) has been adjusted to refer to “ article 44 , paragraph 1 ” . It is suggested that the phrase “ before expiration of the time referred to in article 44 , paragraph 1 ” in subparagraph ( d ) be added to clarify the text to ensure , for example , the inclusion of situations in which the time for delivery in the contract of carriage is stated as a time period rather than as a particular time or date .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	77	No definition of the term “ endangering national security ” in criminal law was adopted , no legislative measures have been taken to make a clear-cut exemption from criminal responsibility of those who peacefully exercise their rights guaranteed in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights , and no real judicial control has been created over the procedure to commit someone to re-education through labour . The rules and practice concerning judicial deprivation of liberty are not in keeping with international law and standards . The holding period in police custody of criminal suspects without judicial approval is too long , and the status of the procurator called to approve arrest pending investigation does not meet the requirements of an officer authorized by law to exercise judicial power .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	50	Accordingly , the Committee reaffirmed its earlier recommendation that future scales of assessments should be based on estimates of GNP . At the same time , the Committee is kept advised of developments with respect to national accounts , including implementation of the 1993 SNA , and has decided to keep the issue under review for future scales . Conversion rates
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	26	Requests the International Civil Service Commission to keep the issue of United Nations common system conditions of service in the field under review ; Decides to keep the issue of United Nations common system conditions of service in the field under review ; Approves the introduction of a rest and recuperation scheme to include travel time , appropriate to the location , but no payment of travel to the staff member , for internationally recruited staff members in United Nations field operations to replace the occasional recuperation break , effective 1 January 2009 ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	24	The post requirement was $ 11.9 million , with $ 2.2 million for staff assessment . In order to allow the Appeals Unit to keep pace with the expected increase in the number of post-judgement appeals , the Secretary-General proposed that it should have two additional P-5 posts , to be redeployed from the Investigations Division . He also requested approximately $ 1 million for investigative travel in 2005 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	44	Cooperation will focus on the organization of collaborative joint activities , as specified by article 3 of the MoU , as well as fostering collaboration , at the country level , among the focal points of the conventions and agreements . This is in keeping with article 3 of the MoU , which identifies pilot projects at the regional and national levels as the best means of defining , in a practical manner , the type of collaboration and interaction that should happen between Parties . Collaboration with other relevant international organizations and institutions and strengthening of relationships
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	58	Welcomes further the endorsement of the report of the Forum Ministerial Committee on New Caledonia by leaders of the Pacific Islands Forum at its 36th Summit , in October 2005 in Papua New Guinea , and the continuing role of the Forum Ministerial Committee in monitoring developments in the Territory and encouraging closer regional engagements ; Decides to keep under continuous review the process unfolding in New Caledonia as a result of the signing of the Nouméa Accord ; Requests the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples to continue the examination of the question of the Non-Self-Governing Territory of New Caledonia and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its sixty-second session .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	76	The coffee crisis , which affected 25 million coffee producers around the world , the majority of them in Africa , had revealed the seriousness of the problem in the primary commodity sector . The decline in the price of coffee had exacerbated poverty , caused food insecurity , and had a devastating impact on health care in major coffee-exporting LDCs in Africa , further deepening the unsustainability of debt by making it increasingly difficult to keep up with debt repayment obligations . Likewise , external financing , especially the ODA , had continued to decline in scope as well as effectiveness .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	50	Paragraph ( 2 ) The Working Group adopted paragraph ( 2 ) in substance and confirmed , for the sake of consistency with draft article 20 , paragraph ( 3 ) that the word “ evidence ” , as used in the 1976 version of the Rules , should be kept ( see paragraph 7 above ) ( A/CN.9/669 , para . Paragraph ( 3 )
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	46	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of programmes of assistance to the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations decisions relating to decolonization , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly ,
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	58	Exchange of information on the national procedures and experience in the implementation by the High Contracting Parties to Protocol V of their obligations under Article 4 ; Identification of the relevant UN structure that could serve as the focal point for collecting and transmitting information pursuant to Article 4 ( 2 ) . It is further recommended to keep under review the adequacy and the usefulness of the Article 4 generic electronic template as a tool for effective recording and retaining of information pertinent to the implementation of Article 4 of the Protocol . In accordance with the relevant decision of the Second Conference of the High Contracting Parties to Protocol V on Explosive Remnants of War , as contained in paragraph 46 ( d ) of its Final Document ( CCW/P.V/CONF/2008/12 ) the discussions on National reporting , pursuant to Article 10 ( 2 ) ( b ) of the Protocol and on Article 4 Generic Electronic Template were coordinated by Mr. Henrik Markuš of Slovakia .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	59	The Constitution of the Sudan enshrines a number of principles , including that religions , beliefs , cultural diversity , traditions and customs are a source of moral strength and inspiration for the Sudanese people . Article 6 stipulates that the State must respect several rights , including the right to freedom of worship and of assembly , in keeping with the rites or beliefs of any given religion , and the right to establish and maintain premises for those purposes ; the right to write , publish and distribute religious publications ; and the right to teach religion or beliefs in premises suited for that purpose . Article 23 states that every citizen has the duty to work for the promotion of harmony and mutual tolerance among all people of the Sudan and to overcome religious , regional , linguistic and confessional differences .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	66	In Benin , several thousand kilometres away , more than 1 , 500 women died in childbirth in 2008 , because Caesarean sections could not be performed due to the lack of energy . Our member organization in Senegal , the Association des Médecins de Brousse , has drawn our attention to the fact that if there is no energy , vaccines and medicines can be kept for only a few hours in iceboxes , since there are no refrigerators. We have repeatedly pointed out that , unless there is access to energy , it will be impossible to achieve the Millennium Development Goals . This is particularly true of the goals concerning reduction of child mortality ; improvement of maternal health ; and combating of HIV/AIDS , malaria and other diseases .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	130	- Article 19 of the Syrian Nationality Act also provides that , if a woman married to a Syrian Arab citizen is a national of an Arab country or is of Syrian origin or formerly enjoyed Syrian Arab nationality , she becomes a Syrian Arab by decree of the Minister of the Interior by simply stating her wish to that effect in a written application . - The nationality status of a Syrian Arab woman following her marriage to an alien is clarified in article 12 of the Nationality Act , which provides that : “ If a Syrian Arab woman marries an alien and the law to which the husband is subject gives her the right to acquire his nationality , she must apply to the Syrian authorities to keep her Syrian Arab nationality in addition within one year of having acquired the nationality of her alien husband. ” - Women and men have equal rights in regard to acquiring residence and the same functional status as the marital partner .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	44	The resolution adopted today , with our active participation , fully reflects Russia 's position supporting the Secretary-General 's recommendations to deploy a full-fledged United Nations mission to play an important role in resolving the crisis and rebuilding Iraq . The resolution is in keeping with Russia 's approach to the creation of the temporary Governing Council in Iraq , which is an important first step towards establishing an internationally recognized Government and restoring State sovereignty . We hope that this Council decision , in addition to its resolution 1483 ( 2003 ) , will give added impetus to increasing the real participation of the United Nations in the Iraqi post-war process , leading to the solid settlement of the Iraqi problem in keeping with international law .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	71	I wish to mention just two examples that are particularly timely . Whether with regard to the systematic destruction of anti-personnel mine arsenals in the light of the commitments stemming from the Ottawa Convention or with regard to the treatment given to members of groups who have acted outside the law and who are now deprived of their freedom , the actions of the authorities in my country have been in keeping with the law . I therefore wish to express our disagreement with the passage contained in the report of the Secretary-General in which , in referring to the conflict in Colombia , the Secretary-General states that there are “ frequent violations of human rights and international humanitarian law by all parties. ” ( A/57/1 , para .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	28	The parties need confidence that the process will address their vital interests . For that , they need confidence that commitments made will be commitments monitored and commitments kept . In this regard , I believe that there is a deep crisis of confidence among ordinary people on the ground , and for good reason .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	32	GRULAC fully supported UNCTAD 's work plan as outlined in section IV of document TD/B/49/7 . It encouraged the secretariat to continue to support other groups of structurally handicapped countries and to keep enriching the inevitable debate on differentiation . The representative of Indonesia , speaking on behalf of the Asian Group and China , recalled that the overarching goal of the Brussels Programme of Action was to make substantial progress towards halving , by 2015 , the proportion of people living in extreme poverty and suffering from hunger .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	58	The exact timing and precise choice of location of the attack can be characterized as opportunistic , given that Gemayel unexpectedly halted his vehicle while travelling . It is likely that the plan was to assassinate Pierre Gemayel , not just to mount an attack against him , given that the assassins left their vehicle in order to keep firing at him until they completed their mission . In addition , the fact that the assassins had not made any attempt to disguise themselves or hide their faces may indicate that they had not intended to leave their vehicles to be seen at that precise time .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	45	Our Group is diverse , with roots in the East and the West , the North and the South . We can be sure that the incoming President will reach out to all regions , listen to all regions and find the common threads that keep the United Nations united . We pledge our full support and cooperation to Mr. Kerim during the sixty-second session .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	38	Joint operations between UNOCI and the United Nations Mission in Liberia ( UNMIL ) along the common border resumed after the completion of the rotation of the Pakistani battalion stationed in that area in October 2006 . In keeping with Security Council resolution 1721 ( 2006 ) , contingency plans are regularly updated to enhance cooperation between the two missions , including possible mutual reinforcements in the event of serious deterioration of the security situation , as envisaged by resolution 1609 ( 2006 ) . The Ouagadougou agreement signed envisages adjustments in the role , deployment and composition of UNOCI troops. Urgent consultations with the parties and the mediator will therefore be required .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	60	Ms. Mboga ( Gabon ) said that , despite some difficulties stemming from traditional customs , women and children enjoyed guaranteed inheritance rights . In her view , rather than rush into legislative reform , it was preferable to adopt the inheritance arrangements best suited to the culture of the country , which should , of course , be in keeping with international treaties . The age of 21 was the legal age for both civil majority and marriage for both men and women .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	49	Alternative remittance systems that transfer money or other assets using conduits other than formal financial institutions can similarly be an obstacle to combating money-laundering . Many alternative remittance systems have their source of credibility in cultural , ethnic or religious communities and usually require neither customer identification nor the keeping of financial transaction records , as provided for by international standards regulating financial institutions . In some States where money or value transfer services are allowed only to institutions licensed or registered as banks , alternative remittance systems are automatically an illegal and underground form of banking .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	23	The system for the Area also had to be competitive with regimes established for areas within national jurisdiction . The Council decided to keep the matter under consideration at the ninth session , in parallel with the formulation of draft regulations by the Legal and Technical Commission . Also during the eighth session , the Legal and Technical Commission began its consideration of the issues relating to an appropriate regulatory framework for these resources in parallel with the Council .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	41	One Member State ( the largest contributor ) had suggested that the estimates of budget expenditures should be further reduced through savings . However , when the Organization was struggling to maintain the level of resources earmarked for substantive programmes while keeping administrative expenditure to the minimum , scope for further reductions was very limited—in fact , non-existent . Document IDB.24/20 provided information on the extent of efficiency savings made in the administrative areas , namely major programmes F ( “ Administration ” ) , G ( “ Buildings Management ” ) and H ( “ Indirect Costs ” ) , which totalled 7.6 per cent before recosting .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	53	Nuclear-weapon States should bear in mind that reductions of deployments are a positive signal but no replacement for the actual elimination of nuclear weapons . Nuclear-weapon States should implement the NPT commitments to apply the principle of irreversibility by destroying the nuclear warheads in the context of strategic nuclear reductions , and avoid keeping them in a state that lends itself to their possible redeployment . While deployment reduction , and reduction of operational status sends a positive signal , it can not be a substitute for irreversible cuts and the total elimination of nuclear weapons .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	20	As stated in Paragraph 15 of the 2001 Directive : The obligations of the Directive concerning customer identification , record keeping and the reporting of suspicious transactions should be extended to a limited number of activities and professions which have been shown to be vulnerable to money laundering . According to the 2001 Directive , Member States must ensure that the obligations laid down in Directive 91/308/EEC are imposed , inter alia , on the following legal or natural persons acting in the exercise of their professional activities , namely :
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	42	Since 2001 , gradual and focused legal and judicial reforms have been under way in the Republic of Uzbekistan . Guarantees and principles ensuring the independence of the judicial system enshrined in existing law in the Republic of Uzbekistan which are in keeping with universally acknowledged norms of international law , legally established procedures for electing and appointing judges and releasing them from their duties , a strict , legally established procedure for the administration of justice in criminal , administrative , civil and commercial cases and legally established liability for any interference in judicial activity indicate that an independent judicial authority is functioning in the Republic of Uzbekistan . A series of measures aimed at strengthening the independence of the court has been implemented .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	23	The United Nations shall bill the agencies for their share of the core budget . The funds of the Staff College shall be kept in a separate account to be established by the Secretary-General in accordance with the Financial Regulations and Rules of the United Nations . The funds of the Staff College shall be administered solely for the purposes of the College .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	52	At its 10th meeting , on 3 July 2001 , the Special Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly that the Committee continue to be represented at seminars , meetings and conferences organized by United Nations bodies and other intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations active in the field of decolonization . In keeping with its decision of 21 February 2001 , the Committee would authorize its Chairman to hold consultations , as appropriate , concerning its participation in those meetings , as well as the level of representation , when accepting invitations . In accordance with established practice and on the basis of the principle of rotation , the Chairman would hold consultations with the Bureau members who , in turn , would consult with the members of the Committee from their respective regional groups .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	44	A total of 471 recipients participated in the programme in the scholastic year 1999/2000 , while 227 students graduated and 15 failed in the period 1995-1999 . These awards , while not specifically provided in response to the General Assembly resolution , are in keeping with its spirit and intention . The Government of Switzerland contributed $ 1 , 703 , 581 between 1989 and 1996 and an additional $ 338 , 000 in 1997 to the UNRWA scholarship programme for secondary school graduates .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	69	Ms. Arteaga Rodríguez ( Cuba ) , referring to the draft articles on transboundary aquifers , said that the expression “ equitable and reasonable use ” was inappropriate , since the term “ sustainable ” was increasingly used in environmental law and was embodied in the 1992 Convention on Biological Diversity . An expression such as “ equitable and sustainable use ” would , therefore , be more in keeping with the environmental law currently in force . With regard to draft article 3 , she questioned the need for the provision “ It shall exercise such sovereignty in accordance with the present draft articles ” , since the aquifer located within the State 's territory was subject to its sovereignty , and the State was therefore free to determine the policy to be followed with respect to that aquifer .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	This development will have potentially serious negative implications on security in the region as well as the reliability of the global non-proliferation regime . The Heads of State and Government expressed their support for the efforts of the Arab Group in Vienna to keep the question of the Israeli Nuclear capabilities under consideration of the General Conference of the IAEA at its 53rd Session . The Heads of State and Government underscored the Movement 's principled position concerning non-use or threat of use of force against the territorial integrity of any State .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	43	At the ninth session of the Commission , the need to maintain the Commission 's initiative in providing strategic direction of the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Programme was stressed on the basis of a review of efforts undertaken . In keeping with the tradition of continuing intersessional activities with the full involvement of the members of the bureau and the regional groups , the bureau met on 13 July 2001 to discuss the issue of preparations for the Intergovernmental Open-Ended Expert Group Meeting on Corruption . The bureau also discussed the plans of action for the implementation of the Vienna Declaration for consideration by the intersessional meeting .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	41	The background paper would look at specific elements in support of discussions on funding for Strategic Approach activities and the possible future role of the Global Environment Facility ( GEF ) as a financial mechanism for Strategic Approach implementation . In keeping with the broad elements requested at the informal discussions , the present note is divided into two sections . First , it looks at Strategic Approach implementation needs and priorities and considers the level of funding already available to support implementation activities .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	25	Organization of work In section II.A , paragraph 20 , of its resolution 57/283 B , the General Assembly encouraged the Committee on Conferences to keep under continued review the procedures for the participation of observers in the work of the Committee . Adoption of the report
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	35	This information should nevertheless be treated cautiously and , for the moment , should not be considered a reason for reducing the provision for contingencies . The Administration agreed with the Board 's recommendation to keep the extent of the provision for contingencies under review in the event of future modifications to the scope of the capital master plan . Table 5 was drawn up by the Office of the Capital Master Plan at the request of the Board .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	55	Enhancing UNCTAD 's role in , and impact on , the development of developing and least developed countries was a key concern . The organization 's independence under its unique mandate for the integrated treatment of trade , development and interrelated issues should be preserved and its core areas of work should be strengthened in keeping with the three principal criteria outlined in the report of the Eminent Persons ' Panel , namely comparative advantage , differentiation and complementarities , and strategic and catalytic interventions . Moreover , the organization 's relationship with civil society and the private sector , especially those from the South , would be important in improving UNCTAD 's relevance and productivity on the ground .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	57	For reference , see the document posted on the website of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Cuba , dated 12 May 2002 , which sets forth Cuba 's position on the decision taken by the Government of Uruguay ( http : //www.cubaminrex.cu/Declaraciones/2002/DC_025002.htm ) . The declaration in question states : “ The Government of Cuba will keep its word , and early in June will deliver to Uruguay the remaining 800 , 000 of the total 1 , 200 , 000 doses of meningitis vaccine which it is committed to donating ” ( ibid. ) . Opinion of Mr. D. Opertti-Badan , as stated in his written contribution on the topic , sent to the Special Rapporteur .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	42	The mandate of the Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People for 2007 is contained in General Assembly resolutions 61/22 , 61/23 and 61/24 of 1 December 2006 . It also requested the Committee to continue to keep under review the situation relating to the question of Palestine and to report and make suggestions to the Assembly , the Security Council or the Secretary-General , as appropriate . It requested the Committee to continue to extend its cooperation and support to Palestinian and other civil society organizations in order to mobilize international solidarity with and support for the Palestinian people , in particular during this critical period of humanitarian hardship , with the overall aim of promoting the achievement by the Palestinian people of its inalienable rights and for a peaceful settlement of the question of Palestine , and to continue to involve additional civil society organizations in its work .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	33	It has condemned all acts of terrorism wherever and whenever they take place and remains true to its commitment to the fight against terrorism . The Maldives has taken the following measures in keeping with its commitments to defeat terrorism . Freezing of funds
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	46	In his opening speech to the Brussels Conference in June 1946 , President Louwage said that by scrupulously adhering to that principle , the Commission had succeeded in gaining the respect of administrative and judicial authorities in all member countries . This position was also in keeping with the development of extradition law — both national and international — during the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries and , in particular , with the concept of “ political offence ” . Despite the fact that the ICPC statutes adopted in 1946 contained no provisions limiting the scope of the organization 's action in cases of a political , racial or religious nature , in practice , the organization maintained its position .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	52	At its 10th meeting , on 3 July 2001 , the Special Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly that the Committee continue to be represented at seminars , meetings and conferences organized by United Nations bodies and other intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations active in the field of decolonization . In keeping with its decision of 21 February 2001 , the Committee would authorize its Chairman to hold consultations , as appropriate , concerning its participation in those meetings , as well as the level of representation , when accepting invitations . In accordance with established practice and on the basis of the principle of rotation , the Chairman would hold consultations with the Bureau members who , in turn , would consult with the members of the Committee from their respective regional groups .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	86	We hope that , in the preparation and submission of the next biennium budget , the Secretariat will carry out a critical review of the current programmes and activities , and identify outputs and activities which are considered obsolete , of marginal usefulness or ineffective . Those outputs and activities should be listed and presented to the General Assembly as a part of the proposed programme budget , whereby the Member States could decide which outputs and activities should be terminated and which ones should be kept alive in our future work programme . In the case of new programmes , my delegation supports the inclusion of sunset provisions to ensure that regular reviews are made , and believes that renewals should be granted only by explicit action of the Assembly .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	68	There was an air of blindness in her gray eyes , the startled horse look that ultimately comes to some women who are born at the end of an ancestral line long since divorced from money-making and which , besides , has kept its estate intact . She was personally sloppy , and when she had colds would blow her nose in the same handkerchief all day and keep it , soaking wet , dangling from her waist , and when she gardened she would eat dinner with dirt on her calves . But just when she seemed to have sunk into some depravity of peasanthood she would disappear and come down bathed , brushed , and taking breaths of air , and even with her broken nails her hands would come to rest on a table or a leaf with a thoughtless delicacy , a grace of history , so to speak , and for an instant one saw how ferociously proud she was and adamant on certain questions of personal value .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	36	Secondly , expansion should ensure equality of rights , privileges and responsibilities among existing and new permanent members . The question of the veto must be addressed in a holistic and integrated manner that is in keeping with the principles of equality and international democratic governance . That would entail the elimination of the veto and , pending that , its extension to new permanent members .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	81	Although the resource requirements for one special political mission , namely , the Special Envoy of the Secretary-General for Myanmar , whose mandate emanates from the General Assembly , will be sought through the submission of a statement of programme budget implications in accordance with rule 153 of the rules of procedure of the Assembly , those requirements are also presented in the current report so as to consolidate the overall requirements for all special political missions . This is in keeping with the request of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions contained in A/57/7/Add.17 , paragraph 5 . It should be noted , however , that any expenditures against appropriations for political missions would be strictly subject to the extension of the relevant mandate .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	55	The latter was adopted at the initiative of the Russian Federation , and in it the international community recognized the road map as the key instrument for settling the Israeli-Palestinian conflict . The Quartet has strongly rejected any actions that run counter to the road map ; any initiatives at this stage should be in keeping with the Quartet peace plan and should lead to the end of the occupation of Palestinian territory . Russia expects that the Palestinians and the Israelis will implement fully their commitments under the road map .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	56	Programmes of technical cooperation are maintained by UNDP with five British Non-Self-Governing Territories in the Caribbean , all of which are currently classified as net contributor countries. These are : Anguilla , British Virgin Islands , Cayman Islands , Montserrat and Turks and Caicos Islands . The programmes vary in content but are all implemented in keeping with UNDP programming and operational rules , including through emphasis on the national execution modality . Decisions adopted by the Executive Board of UNDP/United Nations Population Fund ( UNFPA ) and , in particular , those relating to resource allocation and cooperation with net contributor countries , apply in substance to all aspects of programming with these Territories .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	35	The effects on the household economy are far-reaching and even irreversible . It has been necessary to sell poultry and livestock ( the most valuable asset of the population segments concerned ) in order to keep up production and meet the household 's needs . In this context , the vulnerable population is in a constant process of pawning and selling off farming assets ( land and agricultural tools and implements ) in the countryside and movable and immovable property in the urban areas .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	106	While we all recognize that the primary responsibility for creating an enabling environment lies with the leaders in Guinea-Bissau , I believe it will be expected of us to remain vigilant , to monitor the situation as it evolves and to continue to support the efforts of the national leaders as they forge ahead making preparations for the elections in the time frame they have been given and ensuring that they keep their commitment to the deadline they have established . We also believe that the subregional leaders will continue to support the efforts of the leaders of Guinea-Bissau and to hold them to their commitments keep to the deadlines established to hold the elections . There are a number of factors that need to be given constant attention .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	43	Such a commitment should not be affected by the complexity of a given conflict or difficulties that crop up along the way , so long as the parties show that they are committed to peace . They must prove this through deeds and keep intact their commitment to a peaceful settlement . Moreover , it is important to endow peacekeeping operations with a clear-cut and realistic mandate and objective , while ensuring that they have the resources they need for their swift and effective deployment .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	87	We are persuaded that a first step in this direction was the coordinated work of the Presidents for 2006 , as well as the appointment of the Friends of the Presidents . Before moving on to the main subject of this statement by my country , I wish to point out , and simply because it was mentioned by the distinguished delegation of Cuba , that Peru has expressed a general reservation with regard to the section on disarmament and international security because it is not in keeping with my country 's foreign policy in this area . This reservation has been distributed to the members of the Conference in document CD/1812 .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	59	Members of the Joint Committee agreed that the level of cooperation achieved among the organizations of the system through the communications steering group on HIV/AIDS , established in the lead-up to the special session , was a model for future cooperation among the organizations of the system in matters of mutual concern . In view of the importance of keeping the issue of HIV/AIDS on the global agenda , it was also agreed that the steering group would continue to function as a coordinating mechanism for the follow-up to the special session . Inter-agency cooperation in the field of public information and the future of the Joint Committee
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	52	Encourages the Secretary-General to continue to take additional measures to ensure the safety and security of all personnel under the auspices of the United Nations participating in the Mission , bearing in mind paragraphs 5 and 6 of Security Council resolution 1502 ( 2003 ) of 26 August 2003 ; Decides to keep under review during its sixty-third session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Mission in Ethiopia and Eritrea ” . A/63/546 and Corr.1 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	50	Over a quarter of a century , six additional protocols to this Convention have been adopted in addition to the main text , an achievement not so far surpassed by other similar instruments , thanks to the joint efforts of the High Contracting Parties and the international community . In keeping with the stipulations of the preamble to the Convention : the High Contracting Parties remain committed to the search for the most effective ways of establishing legally binding rules with a real prospect of general recognition , so that progress can be made on the basis of consensus towards the noble goal of general and complete disarmament .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	40	The idea would be that you list the actual government agency that completed the questionnaire , but list a contact further down ( see the next bullet ) . Also , delete the “ Title : ” line , but keep the “ Address : ” line . After the telephone/fax line , we suggest adding “ Contact person : ” ( and perhaps “ Title : ” if desired ) . Then under the “ E-mail : ” line , add “ Phone ( if different from above ) : ”
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	28	The responses indicated that most Governments have put in place some of the key elements of a comprehensive drug demand reduction strategy . Countries in all regions have kept their high level of commitment during the three reporting periods . The majority of the countries responded positively to over 75 per cent of the questions .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	83	Spain explained that , under its penal code , a lack of marking or serial number was an aggravating circumstance for the offence of possessing prohibited arms without a license or permit but the export and import of unmarked arms was not permitted unless they were sent for marking . Tunisia indicated that , while marking was not required for the import , export , acquisition , sale , delivery , transport or transfer of firearms , manufacturing and registration numbers must be kept in a registry . The United Kingdom explained that amendments were being proposed to European Council Directive 91/477/EEC of 18 June 1991 on control of the acquisition and possession of weapons , which would align legislation with the requirement under the Protocol .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	37	There are ice cubes in a container at the far end and in another by the office . There are three soft-drink vending machines , and if you should be joined by - anybody - try to keep things quiet , if you will . We like to run a nice quiet place '' .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	91	In addition , the term “ relevant ” offers a reasonable guarantee of the effectiveness of the exchange of information , particularly if we bear in mind that a Contracting State may not oppose , under the proposed new paragraph 5 of article 26 , the absence of a domestic interest to decline a request from the other Contracting State . Members of the subcommittee prefer the term “ may be relevant ” rather than the term “ relevant ” because they understand that this term is broader and more in keeping with the asserted goals of article 26 . The term “ relevant ” may allow the requested State to refuse to provide information absent a showing by the requesting State that the information is relevant for the purposes specified in paragraph 1 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	30	Belarus does not recognize the resolution just adopted , either in form or in content . We reject the accusations contained in the resolution as unfounded and as not in keeping with reality . For Belarus , the resolution has no legal or political — much less moral — force .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	25	Draft proposal 2 Substantive departments should prepare forecasts of the volume of documentation under preparation and be required , to the extent possible , to keep the length of their submissions within the limits of their original forecast . Such forecasts should be presented to the Department of General Assembly Affairs and Conference Services and to the servicing secretariats in conjunction with the planning meeting .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	37	Such verification shall be carried out on the basis of identity documents , passports , birth certificates , driving licences , company deeds and statutes or any other documents , official or personal . ( d ) Keep , for the duration of an operation and for at least five years after the date on which the transaction is completed , records of the information and documentation required under article 16 ; ( e ) Keep for a minimum of five years customer identity records , account records , commercial correspondence and records of financial operations enabling a transaction to be reconstructed or concluded .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	43	In keeping with Action # 38 of the Nairobi Action Plan , at least 11 landmine survivors participated in the April 2007 meetings of the Standing Committees , including one who was a member of the delegation of a State Party . In keeping with Action # 39 of the Nairobi Action Plan , at least 17 States Parties included relevant health , rehabilitation , social services or disability professionals in their delegations to the April 2007 meetings of the Standing Committees . In order to make the best possible use of the time dedicated by such experts in the work of the Convention , the Co-Chairs of the Standing Committee on Victim Assistance and Socio-Economic Reintegration organized an ambitious parallel programme during the 23-27 April 2007 meetings of the Standing Committees .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	49	BIVAC now admits that it does not possess the necessary records/documents to back up this claim and has , therefore , agreed to refund the government share of pre-shipment inspection fees . However , without records , it will be difficult to determine how much BIVAC is entitled to keep . Government expenditure under the 2005-2006 budget
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	24	As already explained in paragraph 1.2. the real owner must be identified ( trading company , fund or association ) . Such data are kept within the financial institution for 5 years . CTC would be pleased to know how money remittance/transfer services are registered and/or licensed within Croatia .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	75	It congratulated the Group of Ambassadors of the Central African countries for its efforts in that regard and encouraged it to pursue its contacts with the United Nations Secretary-General and with the other Member States , with a view to implementing the results of the mission , including the establishment of a United Nations office in Central Africa , in accordance with the wishes of all the countries of the subregion . It decided to keep the issue on the agenda and to discuss it again at its future meetings . Review of the Second Biennial Meeting of States to Consider the Implementation of the Programme of Action to Prevent , Combat and Eradicate the Illicit Trade in Small Arms and Light Weapons in All Its Aspects
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	48	A non-state pension fund is a special kind of legally constituted and non-commercial social organization whose activities are confined to providing non-governmental pensions for its members on the basis of agreements . The activities of such a fund are to accumulate pension contributions , allocate fund reserves and keep records of the fund 's obligations , independently of the state pension system . The Russian Government is examining the question of reforming the pension system .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	60	Those trends can be found both in the majority and in the opposition and present a major obstacle to the campaign to fight corruption and to extend good governance , the latter being one of the Government 's current projects to revive the economy . Democrats everywhere must understand that if taking and managing power is not carried out in keeping with electoral rules , any number of temptations can arise — including thinking that the course of events can be altered in the streets . That is the logic that some parties are using in their strategies to win power .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	77	The guiding motivation — as enunciated by the late President Ziaur Rahman — was to visibly improve the quality of life of the common people in an environment of peace . In the global context , a cardinal priority for Bangladesh will be to play an active role through concrete initiatives in all socio-economic forums , to promote the cause of developing countries as a whole and the least developed in particular and , especially , to keep alive special treatment for the poorest of the poor . A fundamental objective for Bangladesh consistent with our Constitution is to strengthen the role of the United Nations as the central organ for the cooperative management of the world 's problems .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	29	Emphasis has recently been placed on multidisciplinary approaches to training and inspection . The Commission 's staff have also continued to make visits to technical meetings and workshops to keep up to date with the latest equipment and techniques which may have applications in future monitoring . Contracts with laboratories providing analytical services
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	70	The Patriot Act has also provided us with the benefits derived from Sections 313 and 319 , both of which are aimed at preventing money laundering and terrorist financing through correspondent accounts maintained by U.S. banks and securities brokers on behalf of foreign banks . Specifically , Section 313 helps make America safer by expressly prohibiting shell banks from participating in the U.S. financial system and insisting upon strict record keeping regarding the ownership of each non-U.S. bank that maintains a correspondent account with a U.S. institution . Section 319 allows the U.S. to seize criminal assets through interbank accounts when foreign bank secrecy laws prevent law enforcement cooperation .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	25	Failure to file an annual return will result in revocation of charitable status . A registered charity is subject to revocation if it fails to keep , in Canada , adequate books and records of account , including a duplicate of each receipt issued for income tax purposes . Among other things , these books and records must contain sufficient information to allow CRA to determine if the charity is operating in accordance with the provisions of the Income Tax Act .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	25	It was further suggested that alternative wording could be used , for example , “ natural phenomena ” . However , support was expressed for keeping the phrase “ Act of God ” and removing the brackets . After discussion , the Working Group agreed to refer to an informal drafting group the decision that :
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	106	Reaffirms that any act of enforced disappearance is an offence to human dignity and a grave and flagrant violation of the human rights and fundamental freedoms proclaimed in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights1 and reaffirmed and developed in other international instruments in this field , as well as a violation of the rules of international law ; and that no state shall practise , permit or tolerate enforced disappearances as proclaimed in the Declaration on the Protection of All Persons from Enforced Disappearances ; Urges all Governments to take appropriate legislative or other steps to prevent and suppress the practice of enforced disappearances , in keeping with the Declaration , and to take action to that end at the national and regional levels and in cooperation with the United Nations , including through the provision of technical assistance ; Calls upon Governments to take steps to ensure that , when a state of emergency is introduced , the protection of human rights is ensured , in particular as regards the prevention of enforced disappearances ;
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	80	In countries in all parts of the world , whether industrialized , developing or those with economies in transition , polices have been observed that tend to separate family members , for example when arranging emergency shelter for the homeless , or when identity papers are not in order . In countries with more funding for social services , poor children too often languish in foster or institutional care , as funds are cut for the preventative programmes that could keep families intact . This statistic raises serious questions .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	76	( c ) To continue to consider , on a priority basis and in an appropriate substantive manner and framework , the question of the implementation of the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations related to assistance to third States affected by the application of sanctions under Chapter VII of the Charter based on all of the related reports of the Secretary-General and the proposals submitted on the question ; ( d ) To keep on its agenda the question of the peaceful settlement of disputes between States ; ( e ) To consider , as appropriate , any proposal referred to it by the General Assembly in the implementation of the decisions of the High-level Plenary Meeting of the sixtieth session of the Assembly in September 2005 that concern the Charter and any amendments thereto ;
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	72	Reporting on the implementation of measures to require financial institutions to keep adequate records , as prescribed in paragraph 3 , Azerbaijan stated that such records had to be kept for a minimum of 5 years after termination of the customer relationship , while Croatia indicated that such records had to be kept for 4 or 10 years , depending on their nature . Bulgaria stated that its Agency for financial intelligence kept a register of questionable clients and payments , but did not indicate whether it required financial institutions to maintain adequate records . Serbia reported full compliance with the provision under review and added that such records had to be kept for a minimum of 10 years .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	43	The proposed scheme was general and flexible enough and would operate without prejudice to such claims and the applicable law . Draft principle 4 , which provided for prompt and adequate compensation and imposed the primary liability on the operator , was in keeping with the principles of the Rio Declaration on Environment and Development and other practice which applied the “ polluter pays ” principle . It also reflected the important function of the State in establishing the conditions for imposing liability on the operator .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	88	( d ) The LITO increased from $ 750 in 2007-08 to $ 1 , 500 in 2010-11. As a result of these changes taxpayers eligible for the full LITO , that is taxpayers with an income up to $ 30 , 000 , do not pay income tax until their annual income exceeds $ 14 , 000 for 2008-09 , $ 15 , 000 for 2009-10 and $ 16 , 000 for 2010-11 . These measures will allow low income earners , including part-time workers , to keep more of their earnings and maintain their disposable incomes , provide further incentives for people to enter the workforce or work more hours and mitigate income inequality . Compared with their income tax liability for 2007-08 and excluding the Medicare levy , a person on $ 20 , 000 will have an income tax reduction of around 56 per cent and a person on $ 50 , 000 will have an income tax reduction of around 18 per cent by 2010-11 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	28	We appreciate the support rendered by various partners to African countries in the implementation of NEPAD , including that of the United Nations system . That is in keeping with the principle and spirit of partnership underlying the programme , of which the Group of Eight ( G-8 ) Africa Action Plan , the Blair Commission for Africa , the Millennium Challenge Account and the African Partnership Forum are noteworthy examples . We also welcome the support that international financial institutions , including the African Development Bank and the World Bank , have given to NEPAD thus far .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	32	UNTAET is , without a doubt , one of the largest and most complex operations undertaken by the United Nations . In East Timor , the United Nations has not only to keep the peace but also to re-establish entire social systems and provisional institutions from scratch . It is a massive multidisciplinary , multidimensional task , by any reckoning .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	45	It is to save their lives , to protect their rights , and to ensure their safety and freedom , that we simply must find effective collective responses to the challenges of our time . I urge world leaders , individually and collectively , to keep working on this reform agenda — to have the patience to persevere and the vision needed to forge a real consensus . We must find what President Franklin Roosevelt once called “ the courage to fulfil our responsibilities in an admittedly imperfect world ” .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	55	In particular , a shipper would be prohibited by that provision from agreeing on an appropriate limitation on its liability , and it was thought that such an agreement should be allowed pursuant to the draft convention . Subject to the deletion of the references to the “ consignor ” in draft paragraph 2 in keeping with its earlier decision ( see above , paras. 21 to 24 ) , the Working Group approved the substance of draft article 82 and referred it to the drafting group . Draft article 83. Special rules for volume contracts
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	48	The first alternative has been chosen , inter alia , by Belgium ( 1995 ) , India ( 1996 ) , Spain ( 1988/1992 ) and the United States ( 1977 ) . For public debts a system of dematerialization was introduced earlier , the central registry being kept usually by an institution supervised by the ministry of finance . Dematerialization has been ordered , inter alia , in Denmark ( 1980/1982 ) , France ( 1982/1983 ) , Italy ( 1998 ) , Norway ( 1985 ) , Singapore ( 1993 ) and Sweden ( 1989 ) .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	54	There is also the initiative to negotiate a reduction in the number of missiles in Latin America , as well as to strengthen confidence-building measures and transparency mechanisms in Latin America In Peru 's view , that type of initiative , which we hope can be reproduced in other regions , is fully in keeping with the creation of a culture of peace and what is called structural prevention , based specifically on the need to resolve political , economic and social factors that contribute to the emergence of violent conflicts . The great development challenge we face is to create societies where democracy , the rule of law , respect for human rights , social solidarity and individual prosperity prevail .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	42	Finally , the settlement of a conflict must be accompanied by measures to bring about rehabilitation and reconstruction . The new momentum that the United Nations wishes to lend to its activities in the context of conflict prevention and settlement is in keeping with our will to see a genuine synergy emerge in Africa between the various direct and indirect actors involved , so that our common undertaking , carried out in a spirit of solidarity , will serve to bring about lasting and genuine peace on the African continent . In the context of this collective effort , and on the basis of our modest experience in mediating African conflicts , we deem it crucial to ensure that 10 conditions are met , in order to bring about the full realization of the peace objectives we seek to achieve .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	38	The socioeconomic status of women in Angola can be described as characterized by a certain imbalance in the sharing of tasks and responsibilities between the sexes . Usually , women find themselves in a situation where they must keep the family afloat without having the same powers and rights as men . Women struggle with the problems of maintaining the education and survival of members of the household ; this is due mainly to two factors : on the one hand , the socioeconomic situation in this country , which leads to an “ inequitable ” distribution of the means of survival within the home and , on the other , male underestimation of women , which means a woman is disdained by the man and marginalized within her own family .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	23	He has a glorious wife and many children . When he needs money to buy something like , say , the Rolls-Royce he keeps near his vegetable patch , he takes a flyer in the sale of surplus army supplies . One of those capital-gains ventures , in fact , has saddled him with Gore Court .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	45	In addition , one P-4 post is proposed for Chief of the Conference Interpretation Unit . As the members of the Unit will be physically separated from the Chief of Section , in a different building , it is no longer possible for her to keep direct control over the activities of the Unit . It is therefore proposed to create a P-4 post for a Unit Chief to oversee the work of the unit .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	37	As regards the general proposals on the future organization of the Security Service , no decision has yet been taken . Although a transformation into a civil non-police service might entail some advantages , the advantages to keep the Security Service as police organization seem to prevail . The working methods such as secret wire tapping , secret telecommunications surveillance and secret camera surveillance are in Sweden as in other countries important instruments for collecting intelligence to deal with terrorism and other serious crimes .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	51	The magnitude and sequencing of any adjustments will surely reflect developments in international financial markets , although these changes are likely to be relatively small . The Latin American and Caribbean countries ' exchange-rate policies , almost all of which were implemented in an environment free of constraints , succeeded in keeping real exchange rates relatively stable ( see figure VII ) . This was no simple task , given the high level of commodity prices and the increase in export volumes , especially in the case of South America .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	33	The results were communicated to the country offices and the regional bureaux for information and follow-up . The majority of the audit findings concerned lack of competitive recruitment and procurement , poor record keeping , inadequate documentation , and non-compliance with mandatory requirements . In one country , auditors highlighted findings that OAPR considers particularly serious .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	34	We can not agree to any temporary borders . We want a lasting settlement in keeping with the Arab initiative put forward by Prince Abdullah of Saudi Arabia — an initiative that is in keeping with relevant Security Council resolutions and with the principles of the peace process . We appreciate the role that the Quartet is playing in the peace process .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	34	Those companies , in collaboration with UNICEF , could contribute to raising a generation of intellectually developed and spiritually and physically sound young people . Such actions by private businesses would be fully in keeping with the Secretary-General 's Global Compact initiative , which we consider extremely useful . Finally , I should like to express our great appreciation for the active work of UNICEF , under the leadership of its Executive Director , Carol Bellamy , which not only has to a great extent ensured the success of this special session but , we believe , will also guarantee the implementation of relevant international commitments in the decade to come .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	35	Since cooperation between the state and entity administrations is vital in agriculture , the Office of the High Representative has urged the entities to forswear unilateral approaches . It will be essential in future to keep highlighting the fact that Bosnia and Herzegovina has the potential to be an economic success , not just a subsistence economy . Real and rapid economic growth is possible if sensible policies are implemented sooner rather than later and if corporate restructuring once more becomes a top government priority .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	18	The survival of the family will depend largely on information received by radio . A record should be kept of the information and instructions , including the time and date of broadcast . Family rationing probably will be necessary .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	83	1 , para. In the same spirit , Article 55 expressly mentions “ universal respect for , and observance of , human rights and fundamental freedoms for all … ” , while States pledge themselves , in the following Article , “ to take joint and separate action in cooperation with the Organization ” ( Art . The study contained in document E/CN.4/2003/Sub.2/37 began by surveying the situation , listing all the commitments of the 1993 World Conference on Human Rights , in keeping with the Charter of the United Nations . It is unfortunate that the tenth anniversary of the Vienna Declaration was not the occasion for an official review of the solemn commitments undertaken by States in 1993 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	61	Such information will make it possible to identify priorities with greater precision , taking into account requirements and resources . In that connection , a calendar of short- , medium- and long-term objectives could be set out , on the basis of what we believe must be clear and precise rules , established by the Commission , which must be in keeping with the spirit of the Organization and respond to the wishes of the international community . At the same time , we believe that the report to be produced by the Commission , with recommendations , should also include mechanisms for achieving goals and implementing plans , as well as provisions for supervision so as to prevent the funds from being diverted .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	47	Mr. Lawrence ( United States of America ) said that his country continued to support the vision enunciated in Monterrey and was proud of its record of ODA . It had pledged to increase foreign assistance by 50 per cent over 2000 levels by 2006 and had kept that pledge three years early . In addition to ODA , net financial flows from the United States to developing countries in 2005 had amounted to $ 633 billion , including $ 487 billion in payment for net goods imports from developing countries and $ 146 billion in net private investment flows .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	26	Mexico , Copenhagen , Nairobi and Beijing have made a difference . The Beijing Platform for Action is a strong forward-looking document , but we must keep moving forward . No setbacks can be allowed .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	46	With regard to the amount deposited in the imprest account of the Office of the Prosecutor of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda , he said that he had requested an explanation but had still not received a complete reply from the Tribunal . He was keeping the matter under consideration and would take the necessary measures . As for the question of the judges of the Trial Chambers , the rules had been changed so that the presence of a single judge was sufficient .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	67	In the above-mentioned Masson ruling , the Court very precisely analysed the arrangements for the financing of electoral campaigns in the following terms : “ ( The Court ) observes that the Elections Code establishes the principle of capping election expenditure by parliamentary candidates and monitoring compliance with that principle . Each candidate is thus required , inter alia , to prepare and file campaign accounts in keeping with the provisions of article L.52-12 of the Elections Code . A person who has not filed his or her campaign accounts in accordance with the requirements and within the time limit laid down in article L.52-12 ( such as the applicant ) , whose campaign accounts have been rejected or who has exceeded the maximum permitted amount of electoral expenditure may be disqualified from standing for election for a period of one year ( Elections Code , art .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	23	I made time and picked him up within ten blocks . I stayed half a block behind him , letting lots of cars keep in between us , listening to the steady beep beep beep . After fifteen minutes of traffic driving he turned to the left .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	34	In this connection , the Advisory Committee recalls its comments in its report of 28 September 1998 ( A/AC.96/900/Add.3 , para . In that report , the Committee had recommended that the Executive Committee keep the matter of tied funding under review , so that the range of additional activities funded from supplementary resources should continue to be consistent with the statute of UNHCR and should not include those that could be implemented by other agencies of the United Nations system . The Committee notes from paragraph 29 of the budget report that at the eighteenth session of the Standing Committee ( 5-7 July 2000 ) , a decision was adopted on guiding principles applicable to the resourcing of UNHCR 's unified budget .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	56	Russia is pleased at the progress that has been made over the past 18 months in enhancing the effectiveness of measures in this area , in particular the analysis of changing trends and , thus , of new conditions for the protection of civilians in armed conflict . Many of the Secretary-General 's proposals are in keeping with Russia 's position . I refer to providing additional protection for vulnerable populations , ensuring access to humanitarian assistance and prosecuting those responsible for crimes against international law , including through the International Criminal Court ( ICC ) .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	27	At the UNEP Regional Office for West Asia , disbursement vouchers were not prepared and approved in respect of petty cash expenses . This was not in keeping with the established guidelines on the use of the petty cash fund , which require that all payments must be supported by disbursement vouchers duly signed by the appropriate certifying officer and must be supported by available receipts . The Administration informed the Board that it has already established a mechanism to comply with the established guidelines on the maintenance of the petty cash fund .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	26	• Public information/education programmes , including consultations . As part of the secretariat 's recent constitutional review initiative among the OECS member States that is in keeping with the Economic Union process , special consideration will be given to the constitutional status of the non-independent Territories within the wider context . ( i ) Fund-raising
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	17	We have no intention of keeping them permanently . There will be no need for us to keep a single nuclear weapon once relations between the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea and the United States are normalized , bilateral confidence is built , and my country is no longer exposed to nuclear threat from the United States . The most urgent requirement for the denuclearization of the Korean peninsula is to put an immediate end to the United States nuclear threat and hostile policies towards the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea , aimed at overthrowing the regime .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	16	“ Article 36. Preventive safety measures in storage facilities . Explosives for industrial use must be kept in separate buildings from percussion caps and other detonating devices . On stormy days , storage facilities must be kept completely shut .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	21	The fact that a state is under occupation can affect its ability to fulfil its treaty obligations . This is in keeping with the relevant provisions of international humanitarian law , notably Article 2 of the four Geneva Conventions of 1949 , which is lex specialis in this field . If such an occupation is sufficient to trigger the applicability of the specific norms related to armed conflicts , then it would also seem sufficient to trigger the applicability of the draft articles on the effect of armed conflict on treaties .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	35	This will ensure financial and programmatic accountability . Zambia 's progress towards qualifications for debt relief under the enhanced HIPC initiative hinges largely on the Government 's capacity to show real and tangible progress in keeping the promise it made during the last consultative group meeting to institute fundamental governance reform . While we are in full agreement with the donors concern regarding this issue , we are equally concerned that the resources that are needed to tackle the HIV/AIDS epidemic might be held up indefinitely if progress in governance reform falters .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	44	For the storage and archiving of “ Official Documents ” , different choices have been adopted by the teams concerning the documents relating to the claim review , and the type of conservation of these documents . One team , for example , has kept a copy of the Claim Summary and of one report in each file , while the other teams did not . The Board recommends that UNCC take , with the United Nations Secretariat , appropriate steps for the long-term management , guardianship and streamlined retrieval of archives .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	32	One of the principal goals for the 1990s , according to the Declaration , is to revitalize economic growth in developing countries and to stabilize short-term fluctuation of economic activities . In keeping with this goal , growth of the developing countries as a whole accelerated in the 1990s from the 1980s ( figure I ( a ) ) , despite the Asian financial crisis that erupted in 1997 and its ripple effects on the global economy in subsequent years . Overall , 60 out of 95 developing countries ( accounting for 55 per cent of the population of the developing world ) recorded higher growth rates in the 1990s than in the 1980s .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	57	We , therefore , think it right that the draft resolution that we are bringing forward now in mandating the hybrid and its implementation focuses also on the political process and humanitarian tracks . At the same time , we must have confidence that commitments entered into on all sides , including the rebels , will be kept . That will guide our approach to the resolution .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	61	Just over 200 United Nations Volunteers ( electoral observers ) served with the United Nations Observer Mission in South Africa ( UNOMSA ) . Deployed at the provincial level , the Volunteers were responsible for conducting demographic and election-related surveys , identifying and establishing polling stations , observing party rallies , monitoring the election process and monitoring the movement and safe keeping of electoral materials . Liberia ( 1993-1997 )
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	24	Each year , the nuclear deterrent costs the French half what we spend on justice or transport . This cost must of course be kept under control as much as possible , in the financial context I mentioned earlier . But I am determined to shoulder this cost .
keep%2:31:00::	keep.v	104	Recalling further resolution 4/6-ICIM issued by the 6th Session of the Islamic Conference of Information Ministers , held in Cairo on 7-8 Muharram 1423H ( 10-11 March 2003 ) on the Information Society ; Underlining the importance of the World Summit of the Information Society due to be held in two stages , first in Geneva 3-5 December 2003 ) and then in Tunis ( 16-17 November 2005 ) and the importance of integrating between the two phases of this Summit , considering them as related , to examine optimal ways to bridge the digital divide between the developing countries and industrial ones , keeping sight of the impact of the information society on economic , social and cultural development ; Invites all the OIC Member States to participate actively in the preparatory work for this Summit in its two stages :
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	31	The Board noted in its April 2003 audit of UN-Habitat that about 60 per cent of operationally closed projects had been closed as at 31 December 2002 . The Board will keep this matter under review . ( b ) Recommendation in paragraphs 11 ( b ) and 31 that UN-Habitat ensure that complete records and project documentation are maintained for the projects for effective monitoring , evaluation , and financial and management reporting .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	62	Some members were of the opinion that the Special Rapporteur 's proposal was , quite rightly , entirely in line with the Vienna Conventions and was intended only to adapt the 1969 and 1986 definition of reservations to objections . They considered that the intention of the objecting State , a key element of the proposed definition , had to be in keeping with article 21 , paragraph 3 , and article 20 , paragraph 4 ( b ) , of the 1969 Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties . The definition must not include “ quasi-objections ” or the expression of “ wait-and-see ” positions in relation to a reservation .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	39	We must take specific and effective measures and honour our commitments in a framework of joint responsibility , which is the basis for attaining the MDGs . In that regard , I wish to point out that Spain is keeping its promises and is ready to continue keeping them until 2015 . Mr. Almansoor ( Bahrain ) ( spoke in Arabic ) : Allow me to thank the President of the General Assembly for his tireless efforts in the service of the States Members of the United Nations .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	17	Those consultations took place on Thursday , 12 October . My delegation is confident that , in keeping with tradition , the draft resolution will continue to receive the support of the large majority of Member States . More than 80 States have thus far signed on to the list of sponsors .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	56	It also urges the State party to further strengthen family planning services , ensuring their availability to all women and men , young adults and teenagers . While welcoming the fact that reservations to articles 11 ( 1 ) and 13 ( a ) and articles 16.1 ( d ) and ( f ) are being kept under regular review , the Committee notes that they remain . The Committee calls upon the State party to study carefully the nature and thrust of the remaining reservations within the context of article 23 of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women and the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties with the aim of withdrawing them as soon as possible .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	45	A number of States have withdrawn reservations , or have amended or modified them ( Bangladesh , Belgium , Jamaica , Liechtenstein , Maldives , Turkey , and the United Kingdom ) . A number of States , in light of ongoing legal reform , keep their reservations to the Convention under active review with a view to their withdrawal . A number of States have entered objections to reservations entered by other States parties on the basis of their incompatibility with the object and purpose of the Convention ( Austria , Finland , France , Germany , the Netherlands , Norway , and Sweden ) .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	41	Participating organizations had apparently felt that the Unit 's reports lacked relevance and depth when measured against the goal of more efficient management and rational use of resources . A number of steps taken since 1996 to alter internal procedures and keep strictly to the terms of the Unit 's statute had removed the grounds for such criticism . Unfortunately and significantly , the participating organizations themselves had regularly refused to assume their own obligations under the Unit 's statute even though the Unit had improved the preparation of its programme of work and reports .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	54	Given its interdisciplinary nature , the subprogramme will be executed in close collaboration with other ECLAC divisions , to which it will continue to provide services . The strategy will focus on strengthening the capacity of the national statistical systems of the region to produce and disseminate , in a timely manner and in keeping with international standards and best practices , the statistical information and indicators needed to design and monitor their economic and social policies . Such activities include refining methodologies in the field of national accounts , statistics and projections and providing technical assistance and training to national statistical offices .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	29	One member of the panel also stressed that a long-term solution might be to take a new look at the establishment of an international export diversification fund . Regarding keeping the commodities issue under long-term consideration , it was proposed that the open-ended panel on commodities might be maintained as a standing advisory group on commodity matters . The commodity issue is of importance to millions of people around the world .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	14	E. Preparations for the Fourth Meeting of the States Parties ( 4MSP ) In keeping with past practice , the first meeting of the Standing Committee expressed its support for a Draft Provisional Agenda , a Draft Programme of Work , and Draft Rules of Procedure for the 4MSP . The Standing Committee also noted that all documents be issued in the six languages of the Convention , except for the reports under article 7 , which are accessible on the UNDDA web site , and information documents .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	83	Lastly , the three representatives of the Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina affirmed their commitment to assuming political responsibility after the Mission 's withdrawal , but stressed the need for continued United Nations support to resolve the refugee question . In a presidential statement ( S/PRST/2002/33 ) , the Council , inter alia , expressed its political support for the full implementation of the Dayton Peace Agreement , welcomed the deployment of the European Union Police Mission from January 2003 and decided to keep the situation under review . Cyprus
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	125	( c ) Prevent the direct or indirect supply , sale and transfer territories , to these individuals , groups , undertakings and entities from their territories or by their nationals outside their territories , or using their flag vessels or aircraft , of arms and related materiel of all types including weapons and ammunition , military vehicles and equipment , paramilitary equipment , and spare parts for the aforementioned and technical advice , assistance , or training related to military activities ; Decides that the measures referred to in paragraphs 1 and 2 above will be reviewed in 12 months and that at the end of this period the Council will either allow these measures to continue or decide to improve them , in keeping with the principles and purposes of this resolution ; Recalls the obligation placed upon all Member States to implement in full resolution 1373 ( 2001 ) , including with regard to any member of the Taliban and the Al-Qaida organization , and any individuals , groups , undertakings and entities associated with the Taliban and the Al-Qaida organization , who have participated in the financing , planning , facilitating and preparation or perpetration of terrorist acts or in supporting terrorist acts ;
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	24	Comparative figures for the biennium 1996-1997 , as appropriate , have been reflected in the financial statements . The present financial report has been kept to the minimum in accordance with United Nations guidelines . The financial statements and the notes thereon are an integral part of the financial report .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	66	In addition , regulatory procedures and measures have been adopted the objective of which is to control the import and export of firearms and issue licences through customs and security , provided that the weapons or their owners meet certain specifications and criteria . The security authorities pay considerable attention to controlling the sale , manufacture and repair of weapons , gunpowder manufacture , means of keeping weapons registers and securing the weapons of citizens while the required formalities are completed . ( 1.7 ) The customs authorities have implemented the World Customs Organization recommendations concerning implementation of the Protocol against the Illicit Manufacturing of and Trafficking in Firearms , in coordination with the authorities concerned in the Ministry of the Interior and Local Development .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	29	I am glad to see that our position coincides in many respects with the major ideas agreed upon by participants in the Summit . The United Nations should stubbornly keep working to renew its profile and vigour while entering the new millennium . Romania will continue to be ready to add its contribution to that effect .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	50	We certainly welcome the emphasis on the implementation of human rights standards in the framework of the UPR . That emphasis is both essential for addressing the implementation gap that still exists 60 years after the adoption of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights , and it is also in keeping with the mandate of the Council given to it by the Assembly . The first experiences gathered also show additional potential .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	12	Furthermore , their mandates should be viable and well defined . In keeping with the fundamental principles of General Assembly resolution 1874 ( S-IV ) entitled “ General principles to serve as guidelines for the sharing of the costs of future peace-keeping operations involving heavy expenditures ” , the financing of peacekeeping operations was the responsibility of the aggressor or the occupying Power . Security measures at the headquarters of United Nations missions should also be strengthened in order to ensure the safety and security of the personnel who dedicated their lives to the goal of peace in the world .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	21	Since 2002 , the Department of Peacekeeping Operations has made significant improvements in the staffing practices governing peacekeeping operations . In keeping with the goals of the Organization 's human resources reform programme , the Department 's staffing practices and procedures will continue to be assessed and modified , as required , to meet evolving needs . Action to be taken by the General Assembly
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	20	Governments should introduce measures to : Recruit judges , prosecutors , defence lawyers , police and prison officers in peace- keeping operations and programmes of national reconstruction . Include the services of national NGOs , CBOs and faith-based groups in the re-establishment of the criminal justice system especially where the need for speed is paramount .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	19	( d ) Prepare and circulate records of public meetings ; ( e ) Make and arrange for the keeping of sound recordings ; ( f ) Arrange for the custody and preservation of the documents of the International Meeting in the archives of the United Nations ;
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	82	With regard to the 10-year period for the making of a submission to the Commission , delegations recalled the provision of article 4 of Annex II to the Convention as well as decision of the eleventh Meeting of States Parties regarding the date of commencement of the 10-year period ( see SPLOS/72 ) . While it was generally considered that States should do their utmost to comply with the time limit , it was also recalled that States parties also decided to keep under review the general issue of the ability of States , particularly developing States , to fulfil the requirements of the Convention . In this connection , some delegations stated that the decision of the eleventh Meeting ( ibid. ) should be revisited .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	29	Secondly , is the secured creditor sufficiently protected against competing rights of third parties ? And , finally , are the rules on enforcement of the security interest in keeping with the special features of a highly marketable collateral ? In view of the globalization of the securities markets and also of individual investor 's holdings of securities , the de-emphasis of certificates raises an important problem as to the applicable law .
keep%2:40:09::	keep.v	40	The extended family structure should be assisted , and where it is overwhelmed , alternatives need to be supported . For example , the Christian Children 's Fund is supporting neighbourhood groups that are helping Baraka and her siblings to keep their home , to stay together as a family and to remain in school . Innovative strategies and models need to be documented , replicated and shared as widely and as quickly as possible .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	5	“ General “ Decides to keep the item entitled `Elimination of racism and racial discrimination ' on its agenda and to consider it as a matter of high priority at its fifty-seventh session. ” At its 62nd meeting , on 26 February , the Committee had before it a revised draft resolution entitled “ Third Decade to Combat Racism and Racial Discrimination ” ( A/C.3/56/L.83/Rev.1 ) , submitted by the sponsors of draft resolution A/C.3/56/L.83 and Austria , Belgium , the Czech Republic , Denmark , Finland , France , Germany , Greece , Ireland , Italy , Luxembourg , the Netherlands , Portugal , Spain , Sweden and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	35	A view was also expressed that such statements were misguided and counterproductive to the ongoing efforts of the Secretary-General and the Secretary/CEO to achieve a satisfactory solution to the problem . It was stated that keeping this item on the Board 's agenda served no useful purpose . Following discussions , the Board expressed appreciation for the efforts being made by the Secretary-General , as reflected in his 29 May 2002 letter , where he stated :
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	38	We establish arrangements for the total eradication of anti-personnel landmines under the Ottawa Convention . We reaffirm our determination to continue implementing national , bilateral and multilateral programmes to speed up the destruction of these mines , in keeping with the time frames set in the Ottawa Convention . Ecuador has complied with most of its commitments in this regard and would like to add its voice to the appeal to countries that possess mines on their territory to destroy these as rapidly as possible .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	56	It shall promote its organization on the legal basis of marriage , equal rights of the spouses , responsible parenthood and the right of persons to decide freely on the number and spacing of their children. ” - The right of a married woman to add her husband 's family name to her own and to keep it unless the marriage is dissolved for some reason . ONAM has submitted a bill amending article 108 of the Civil Code which , as currently drafted , causes wives to be dependent , undervalued and discriminated against by treating them as their husband 's property .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	20	Barrels , litres or tons are used mostly , depending on what is convenient . The important thing is to keep control of these different units . In the energy balance it is useful to have all the products measured in the same terms — for example , energy content .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	61	( a ) Raise questions , during the constructive dialogue with reporting States parties to the Optional Protocol , about enabling legislation or other measures to implement possible views and recommendations of the Committee on communications , and that the Committee recommend in its concluding comments to these States parties the adoption of such measures ; ( b ) Agree to keep under review the proposal of the Working Group to consider , in future , preparing a general recommendation on the right to an effective remedy under the Convention , in particular under article 2 ( c ) , under which States parties “ undertake … to establish legal protection of the rights of women on an equal basis with men and to ensure through competent national tribunals and other public institutions the effective protection of women against any act of discrimination ” , and in accordance with article 4 of the Optional Protocol ; ( c ) Explore the possibility of convening a seminar in relation to potential communications under articles of the Convention in view of , inter alia , the Maastricht Guidelines on Violations of Economic , Social and Cultural Rights , 1 and to consider the modalities of such a seminar at a later stage .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	44	It was pointed out that the provision reflected the advice of the Legislative Guide according to which such an extension should only be permissible if that possibility was set forth in the law of the enacting State . As currently drafted , and in keeping with the Commission 's policy as expressed in the Legislative Guide , the footnote reminded States that they might wish to consider the possibility of an extension of the concession contract by mutual agreement between the contracting authority and the concessionaire , but only for compelling reasons of public interest . Furthermore , such an additional possibility of extension would have to be expressed in the law itself .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Operation in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-ninth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Operation in Côte d'Ivoire ” . A/59/419 and Corr.1 .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	40	Such entrepreneurs were criticized by a professional accountant as in fact paying too much tax because neither they nor their advisers knew enough about tax to manage it efficiently . Other entrepreneurs , on the other hand , appeared to keep several sets of figures - one for bank and finance purposes , one for tax and a third for management . The researcher said that it was not clear that these people understood their own convoluted systems .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	36	- When receiving sums in foreign or local currencies , verify the authenticity of the currency , act with great caution and beware of counterfeiting ; - Records , correspondence and statements of account must be kept for at least 10 years ; - In case of suspicion or discovery of suspect transactions , alert the management of the bank or competent institution so that the necessary measures can be taken without attracting the attention of the individual concerned ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	46	Mr. Alimov ( Tajikistan ) ( spoke in Russian ) : My delegation would like to speak on the issues underlying draft resolution A/C.1/56/L.1/Rev.1 , “ Preservation of and compliance with the Treaty on the Limitation of Anti-Ballistic Missile ( ABM ) Systems ” . In keeping with Article 19 of the Charter , our delegation can not , unfortunately , take part in the vote . However , if we did have a right to vote , the Republic of Tajikistan would vote in favour of this draft resolution .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	23	C. Strategic priorities for the Quick Start Programme The Quick Start Programme should mobilize resources for the national priority initial enabling activities in keeping with the work areas set out in the strategic objectives of section IV of the Overall Policy Strategy , in particular : ( a ) Development or updating of national chemical profiles and the identification of capacity needs for sound chemicals management ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	68	( f ) The Working Group noted the praiseworthy efforts of the Government of Honduras to ensure respect for the right of the relatives of victims of enforced disappearances to fair and adequate reparation . However , the Working Group considered that , in the context of the comprehensive search programme suggested in the previous paragraph , a programme of comprehensive redress should be implemented which , in keeping with article 19 of the Declaration , should include adequate compensation and other reparation such as the fullest possible rehabilitation , in full respect for the right to justice and truth . The Working Group urged the governmental and non-governmental bodies to establish cooperative links with a view to solving the problems related to cases of enforced disappearance which have not yet been clarified .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	27	Source : ESCAP , based on data from the International Monetary Fund ( available at www.imf.org/ external/nap/res/commod/externaldata.csv ) . Governments have designed various countercyclical compensatory measures to keep up GDP growth rates in the wake of the global recession . Such measures have been expansionary and were expected to compensate for the loss of export demand .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	44	Having considered the report of the Commission on its thirty-sixth session , Concerned that activities undertaken by other bodies in the field of international trade law without adequate coordination with the Commission might lead to undesirable duplication of efforts and would not be in keeping with the aim of promoting efficiency , consistency and coherence in the unification and harmonization of international trade law , Taking note of the proposals made by the Secretary-General in the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 with a view to strengthening the secretariat of the Commission within the bounds of the resources available in the Organization so as to enable it to deal with the increased workload arising , inter alia , from the coordination of work with other organizations and growing demands for legislative technical assistance ,
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	39	Some African conflicts are on the way to being resolved , nourishing new and legitimate hopes . Unfortunately , despite everything , there are still deplorable situations where the protagonists are having trouble finding a negotiated political solution or keeping their commitments . We are convinced that there will soon be results , given genuine political will on the part of the major actors .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Operation in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its sixtieth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Operation in Côte d'Ivoire ” . 53rd plenary meeting 23 November 2005
keep%2:35:10::	keep.v	36	But Ethiopia continues to detain Eritrean civilians in the notorious concentration camp of Dediesa and in six or so localities that were not declared before . ICRC reports show that there are more than 300 Eritreans kept in these camps at this moment . Ethiopia also continues to destroy homes and villages in an act of senseless vandalism in the occupied areas prior to withdrawals .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	55	The Conference appreciated the remarkable level and significant conclusions of the international fora held by ISESCO in co-ordination with the General Secretariat of the Organization of the Islamic Conference under the dialogue programs that the fora were assigned to implement during the United Nations Year for Dialogue among Civilizations . It called on them to keep on holding as many of such conferences and fora as possible and urged Member States and Islamic institutions to further assist ISESCO so that it can keep on implementing the dialogue programs , which is a requirement nowadays . The Conference appreciated the scientific standard of the study conducted by ISESCO in coordination with the General Secretariat on its vision and efforts to promote dialogue among civilizations and the publishing of the third revised edition of the White Book , which contains international documents on dialogue among civilizations .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	55	The United Kingdom proposed similar admissibility criteria in paragraph ( c ) as those in article 4 , paragraph 1 , and favoured deletion of “ invoked ” and “ in the matter ” and “ or unlikely to bring effective relief ” at the end of the first sentence . Bangladesh and India preferred keeping the word “ invoked ” to ensure consistency with other instruments . Articles 10 , 11 and 11 bis
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	42	The Special Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly that the Committee continue to be represented at seminars , meetings and conferences organized by United Nations bodies and other intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations active in the field of decolonization . In keeping with its decision of 26 February 2009 , the Committee would authorize its Chairman to hold consultations , as appropriate , concerning its participation in those meetings , as well as the level of representation , when accepting invitations . In accordance with established practice and on the basis of the principle of rotation , the Chairman would hold consultations with the Bureau members , who , in turn , would consult with the members of the Committee from their respective regional groups .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	66	Welcomes the progress in regional cooperation in the prevention and suppression of piracy and armed robbery at sea in some geographical areas , and urges States to give urgent attention to promoting , adopting and implementing cooperation agreements , in particular at the regional level in high-risk areas ; Notes the concerns of the Council and the Secretary-General of the International Maritime Organization with regard to keeping shipping lanes of strategic importance and significance safe and open to international maritime traffic and thereby ensuring the uninterrupted flow of traffic , and welcomes the Council 's request in this regard , that the Secretary-General of the International Maritime Organization continue work on the issue in collaboration with parties concerned and report developments to the next session of the Council of the International Maritime Organization ; Welcomes the entry into force of the International Ship and Port Facility Security Code and related amendments to the International Convention for the Safety of Life at Sea on 1 July 2004 , as well as the adoption by the International Maritime Organization of the theme “ International Maritime Organization 2004 : Focus on Maritime Security ” for the twenty-seventh World Maritime Day , and urges all States to work with that organization to promote safe and secure shipping while ensuring freedom of navigation ;
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	83	Despite the fact that Ethiopia is a developing country , having limited capacity to extend development assistance to other countries in order to protect and promote human rights , the country has given peacekeeping forces to assist countries in keeping peace within their country , which is crucial for the existence of legal order and the protection of human rights . The Ethiopian peace keeping force has served in Rwanda , Burundi , Liberia and Somalia presenting aid to the countries forces to keep peace and stability within . The country is recently preparing a force to send to Sudan , Darfur for similar purpose .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	49	“ 8. Decides : in Commission resolution 1984/54 of 14 March 1984 , for a further year and requests the Special Representative to submit an interim report to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session and to report to the Commission at its fifty-ninth session , and also to keep a gender perspective in mind when seeking and analysing information ; Statements in connection with the draft resolution were made by the representative of Pakistan ( on behalf of the Organization of the Islamic Conference ) and the observer for the Islamic Republic of Iran .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	54	He is appreciative of the expert help available to him and draws these resources into play , taking care to examine at least some of the raw material which underlies their frequently policy oriented conclusions . He knows that he must give the expert his place , but he knows that he must also keep him in it . He is already beginning to box the compass of alternative lines of action , including doing nothing .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	47	It can contribute to achieving these objectives as an instrument that enjoys stability and guarantees under international law . In exercise of its legitimate rights and development policies , my country has implemented port service mechanisms and procedures with the participation of the private sector , in keeping with the degree of efficiency and security which the international community expects of a country that is an established exporter and is widely recognized for its transparency and reliability , benefits which also extend to the handling of Bolivian cargo . These principles govern both the public sector and all private operators subject to the same legal framework consisting of international treaties , laws and contracts .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	87	There is no progression in the pension of an ICTY judge who falls into this category , no matter how long he serves ; his pension is fixed at $ 37 , 000.00 for a four-year term , even if he serves five , six , seven , eight or nine years . His pension after six years service is approximately $ 19 , 000.00 less than that of the ICJ judge with the same length of service — again , a situation that is not in keeping with the statutory requirement that his conditions of service be the same as those of the ICJ judge . Moreover , the freezing of the pension of a judge who did not come into office prior to 1 January 1999 at approximately $ 37 , 000.00 also effects an internal inequality between judges of ICTY .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	58	Recalls the endorsement of the report of the Forum Ministerial Committee on New Caledonia by leaders of the Pacific Islands Forum at its 36th Summit , held in Papua New Guinea in October 2005 , and the continuing role of the Forum Ministerial Committee in monitoring developments in the Territory and encouraging closer regional engagements ; Decides to keep under continuous review the process unfolding in New Caledonia as a result of the signing of the Nouméa Accord ; Requests the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples to continue the examination of the question of the Non-Self-Governing Territory of New Caledonia and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its sixty-fifth session .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	37	Paragraph 16 Mr. Neve ( United Kingdom ) said that it was not clear what was meant by the expression “ symbiotic relationship ” in the third sentence , and that it would probably be safest to keep to the language of article 1 of the Model Additional Protocol . Paragraph 17
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	88	The author claims , therefore , that the whole exercise was a sham since , from 16 October 1991 , the date on which he was relieved of his duties , until 2 December 2000 , and he has not been reinstated to active service . 5.3 The author responds to the State party 's observations on the merits , arguing that the supreme decisions regarding his retirement owing to the reorganization of the police force , issued by the Government of Alberto Fujimori , were not in keeping with due process because no reasons were given . The author claims that the decision of 29 August 1997 was irregular because no reason was given and his retirement was therefore arbitrary .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its sixty-first session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Integrated Mission in Timor-Leste ” . To be adopted by the General Assembly .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	66	“ The Council recognizes and commends the important role played by the Representative of the Secretary-General for Guinea-Bissau and the staff of the United Nations Peacebuilding Support Office in Guinea-Bissau , as well as by the United Nations country team , towards helping to consolidate peace , democracy and the rule of law , and expresses its appreciation for their activities . “ The Council will keep the situation in Guinea-Bissau under active review. ” On 3 December 2007 , the President of the Security Council addressed the following letter to the Secretary-General :
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	58	A common denominator needs to be found that is applicable and acceptable to all , guaranteeing a meaningful reform of the Security Council so that all Member States — small and large — can be represented there and so that everyone can feel that the Security Council is really acting on their behalf . This would be in keeping with the Charter and reflect and safeguard the interests and rights of all Member States , protecting them against disasters , crises and wars and guaranteeing respect for their independence . Mr. Baum ( Switzerland ) ( spoke in French ) : I would like to thank the Security Council for its annual report ( A/62/2 ) and for its introduction to the General Assembly .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	45	Additionally , the Special Committee took into consideration the relevant documents of other intergovernmental bodies concerned , to which reference is made in the last preambular paragraph of resolution A/AC.109/2003/28 , adopted on 23 June 2003 . In 1994 , the Special Committee , in keeping with its consistent goal of limiting documentation and streamlining its report to the General Assembly , recommended to the Assembly that , in preparing the general working papers on the Territories , the Secretariat should , where applicable , incorporate under separate headings those sections relating to economic and other activities which affect the interests of the peoples of the Non-Self-Governing Territories and those on military activities and arrangements in those Territories . By adopting resolution 49/89 of 16 December 1994 , the Assembly approved , inter alia , that recommendation .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	93	As such , Tunisia stated that globalization with a human face calls for fair measures and for the implementation of appropriate development strategies designed to create a climate that would make it possible to establish balanced relations among nations , begin a constructive dialogue and develop a viable globalization strategy . In this regard , Tunisia pointed to the World Solidarity Fund , proposed by Tunisia in 1999 and established by the United Nations , which in its view constitutes a realistic means of addressing the challenges of modern times and is in keeping with the Millennium Development Goals . ( e ) Supervising multinational corporations is an efficient way to protect human rights : Tunisia submitted that human rights must prevail over international trade law , and that social , cultural and political rights must go hand in hand with economic rights .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	26	And of course the news of who the composer was did finally begin to get around among his closest friends . But they , naturally , kept his secret well , and the public at large knew only of a great excitement in musical and court circles . How titillating it was to go among people who did not know him as the composer , but who talked in the most glowing terms of the promise of the piece after having heard the first rehearsals .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	12	( b ) Current measures being taken concerning flag State implementation In keeping with recommendations by its bipartite Joint Maritime Commission and subsequent decisions by its Governing Body , ILO is in the process of consolidating its maritime labour Conventions and Recommendations into a single consolidated Framework Convention . The Governing Body has established a High-level Tripartite Working Group on Maritime Labour Standards for this purpose .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	28	Thirdly , continuing witness and victim protection was of critical importance . Fourthly , the Tribunals ' archives are the property of the United Nations and must be kept under its control . Successive discussions on the three versions of draft elements of the resolution largely identified the structure of the possible residual mechanism or mechanisms and the need for it or them to continue the legal personality of the Tribunals , although some important differences of view remain .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	81	Under Article 16 , paragraph 2 of the Constitution of the Republic of Moldova and Article 6 , paragraph 1 of the State legislation ( No. 1024-XIV of July 2 , 2000 ) , all citizens of the Republic of Moldova are equal before the law , irrespective of their nationality , sex , religion , language , ethnic origin , etc . Under article 17 of the Constitution of the Republic of Moldova , Moldovan citizenship can be granted , kept or withdrawn in accordance with the provisions of the organic law . Simultaneously , no individual can be arbitrarily deprived from citizenship or from the right to change citizenship .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	59	In order to reach an agreement on a universal definition of terrorism , a strong preference was expressed for focusing on the purpose and objective of terrorist acts rather than on the description of perpetrators . The view was expressed that acts of terrorism differed from other crimes because of their intention , in particular , to provoke and keep a state of terror in the general public or to compel a Government or an international organization to do or abstain from doing any act . Some delegations were of the view that the existing draft article 2 fulfilled the purpose of such a broad definition .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	44	It is not appropriate to leave room for interpretations that could be used in an arbitrary way and that could foster greater inequality and polarization within the Organization . All such concepts , whatever they might be , should have a legitimate framework in keeping with the Charter of the United Nations , which remains as valid today as it was 60 years ago . The United Nations , as a forum for achieving a global consensus , has had success in the General Assembly — the only organ with universal membership .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	52	The Committee encourages the State party to incorporate fully into its legislation the principle of non-discrimination set forth in the Convention , in order to progress towards de jure equality as an essential prerequisite for achieving de facto equality of women . The Committee also recommends that concepts that are not in keeping with the provisions of the Convention be amended or abolished , with a view to protecting and guaranteeing women 's human rights . The Committee is concerned at the weakening of efforts to provide training in , raise awareness of and disseminate the Convention .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	53	Russia and China attach much significance to the strengthening of security and cooperation in the Asian-Pacific region for the purposes of securing the stable and successful development of all the States situated there . The parties reaffirm their readiness to continue efforts to establish in that region a mechanism of cooperation — in keeping with regional specificities — aimed at ensuring regional stability and security as well as the expansion of interaction with other States and regional organizations . Russia and China steadfastly proceed from the standpoint that the emergence of various bilateral and multilateral mechanisms should contribute to enhancing cooperation and agreement within that region .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	22	Furthermore , the registers contained no records that information on rights was given to the detainees . The lack of systematic record keeping leads invariably to inaccuracies and incomplete records which can not be cross-referenced . The SPT can cite as an example the case of Mr. Hussein Solah who was found dead in the harbour of Malé on 15 April 2007 : The registers at the centre confirmed that he was arrested on 9 April 2007 for suspicion of possession of drugs .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	47	( e ) Decree No. 14845-G of 29 August 1983 establishing the administrative procedures for the granting of refugee status and creating the Office for Refugees , now the Department of Refugees , which functions under the Directorate of Migration . The above-mentioned Decree defines , in keeping with the provisions of the Convention relating to the Status of Refugees , the conditions for granting refugee status . The Decree created a specialized refugee agency , originally called the Office for Refugees and now called the Department of Refugees , which functions under the Directorate of Migration and is the agency competent to grant refugee status .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	39	The Council 's adoption yesterday of resolution 1343 ( 2001 ) represents an important step in efforts to halt Liberia 's provision of assistance to the RUF and to other armed groups in the region . It is in keeping with our strategic goal of diminishing the ongoing violence in West Africa by weakening support for the RUF . If we succeed , we will have gone a long way towards addressing a central cause of the humanitarian crisis now threatening the innocent people of Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone and , as I think Mr. Lubbers foresees , helping open the way to a return of the refugees in conditions of safety .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	36	Support was also noted for the principles that have served the Intersessional Programme well to date , particularly the informal nature of the process . With respect to new Co-Rapporteurs , it was noted that in keeping with past practice , the Co-Chairs , with a view to identifying a list of nominees , had undertaken consultations with interested States Parties . It was reported that these consultations - which had been undertaken with the aim of ensuring a regional balance , a balance between mine-affected and donor States Parties and between the need for rotation and the need for continuity - were ongoing and that a list of nominations would be presented to all States Parties as soon as possible , for consideration at the 4MSP .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	42	The Council continued its consideration of interest on awards of compensation and claims preparation costs and discussed draft Council decisions concerning the two issues . The Council referred these matters to a future informal meeting of the Working Group and decided to keep them on its agenda . At the request of one delegation , the Council discussed the filling of the second Office of Internal Oversight Services ( OIOS ) audit post at the P-4 level in the United Nations Compensation Commission , which is due to be filled as of 1 January 2005 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	38	On that basis the Member States had agreed to the reduction to 22 per cent , believing that the financial situation of the Organization would thereby be improved . Eight years later the largest contributor had failed to keep its promises and again owed the largest amount to the United Nations budget , amounting to over two thirds of the total arrears of contributions . That was the main reason for the precarious state of the Organization 's finances .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	56	Other areas such as the illicit transfer of nuclear , chemical and biological materials should also be mentioned . Andorra 's wish , as can be confirmed by the fact that Andorra has been free of weapons and wars for more than 700 years , is to participate jointly with other countries in the efforts to keep the world free of nuclear , chemical and biological weapons . On 29 June 1998 , Andorra ratified the Convention on the Prohibition of the Use , Stockpiling , Production and Transfer of Anti-Personnel Mines and on their Destruction and , in June and July 1996 , it ratified the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	42	Requests the action line facilitators and the regional commissions to establish and keep open channels of communication with all stakeholders and include information on their implementation efforts in their respective reports , as appropriate ; Invites all stakeholders to establish and/or to keep open channels of communication with the action line facilitators and/or the regional commissions and to report to them on their implementation efforts , so that such efforts may be appropriately reflected and the relevant knowledge , practices and outcomes shared for the benefit of all ; Recommends that the Summit cluster of events be held annually in Geneva back to back with the World Information Society Day , observed on 17 May , and close enough to the session of the Commission to allow for the scheduling in the Commission agenda of an interactive dialogue with the regional commissions and another with the leading facilitating agencies , both of which should include the participation of all Summit stakeholders and serve as a linkage between implementation and follow-up .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	68	As regards recommendation ( q ) dealing with a payment on account system , it is the Tribunal 's opinion that this will be one of the methods of payment that the independent team will consider once it is established . The current practice at the Tribunal is to assign counsel from a short list submitted by the accused person and drawn from the list of eligible counsel kept by the Registrar in accordance with article 45 of the rules of procedure and evidence . The Tribunal is of the opinion that given , inter alia , the international character of the Tribunal and the principle of equality of treatment of persons fulfilling the same mandate , the implementation of recommendations ( n ) and ( o ) , which might be seen as discriminatory in nature , will raise strong objections .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	23	The Central Bank issues circulars to financial institutions in Qatar instructing them to make intensive efforts to monitor transfers . Such efforts include keeping an inventory of transfers , retaining identity documents and records of transactions and informing the Bank of suspicious operations . It is worth mentioning that “ hawala ” and other alternative remittance systems may only be used with the authorization of the Central Bank .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	67	The results of an initial study conducted on the behalf of BOVESPA indicate that companies that migrated to higher levels on the exchange experience higher share valuations , trading volumes and liquidity , thus supporting the theoretical basis for improved governance in practice . On a more practical level , BOVESPA has come under intense pressure from companies to be more “ flexible. ” But it has kept the commitments under the Levels and the Novo Mercado intact . BOVESPA earned recognition for its firmness when VARIG , the Brazilian national airline , lost its Level 1 listing owing to violations of the listing rules .
keep%2:35:10::	keep.v	83	While the Committee notes that the Special Rapporteur on the question of torture has found the availability of medical care in the detention facilities he visited to be generally satisfactory ( E/CN.4/2006/6/Add.6 , para. 77 ) , it also notes with concern new information provided about inter alia the lack of treatment for drug users and people living with HIV/AIDS and regrets the lack of statistical data on the health of detainees ( art . The State party should take effective measures to keep under systematic review all places of detention , including existing and available health services . Furthermore , the State party should take prompt measures to ensure that all instances of deaths in custody are independently investigated and that those responsible for such deaths resulting from torture , ill-treatment or wilful negligence are prosecuted .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	52	The Committee encourages the State party to incorporate fully into its legislation the principle of non-discrimination set forth in the Convention , in order to progress towards de jure equality as an essential prerequisite for achieving de facto equality of women . The Committee also recommends that concepts that are not in keeping with the provisions of the Convention be amended or abolished , with a view to protecting and guaranteeing women 's human rights . The Committee is concerned at the weakening of efforts to provide training in , raise awareness of and disseminate the Convention .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	38	A change of family name by one of the spouses does not entail a change in the family name of the other spouse . In the event of dissolution of the marriage , the spouses are entitled to keep their joint family name or to resume their pre-marital family name . The family name of a child is determined by the family name of the parents ( art .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	44	I am afraid we ourselves in the World Health Organization ( WHO ) are still quite unable to explain why it has been happening . My second heading is the possible stabilizing influences that we can try to put in place in order to keep things a bit more under control . Most importantly , we feel — as has been said by others — that it is important to restore normality for the time being , to get the system working again .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	64	Some doubts were raised with respect to the word “ or increases ” which appeared in square brackets in subparagraphs ( a ) and ( b ) . If the obligations of the shipper being referred to in paragraph 2 were limited to those set out in the draft convention , it was thought that the references to “ or increases ” should be kept and the brackets deleted . However , if the obligations referred to additional obligations outside of the draft convention , it was said that the references to “ or increases ” should be deleted from the text .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	80	The Commission recalled that , at its thirty-ninth session ( February/March 1994 ) , it had decided that the movement of the weighted average of tax abatements and social legislation payments at the seven headquarters duty stations used for the establishment of the children 's allowance should be applied to adjust the secondary dependant 's allowance . Since there was no change in the children 's allowance , the Commission noted that the secondary dependant 's allowance should also be kept at its 2001 level . The Commission decided that it would consider the suggestion of CEB and review this allowance in connection with the pay and benefits review .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	44	The Turkish intervention on Cyprus carried out in accordance with its rights and obligations emanating from the 1960 Treaty of Guarantee was fully legal and legitimate under article 4 of the said Treaty . The Turkish Army is in Cyprus under legal obligations to keep peace pending a solution and the Turkish military presence on the island is a vital security requirement for the Turkish Cypriot people , particularly in the absence of a comprehensive political settlement . It is , of course , very convenient that the Greek Cypriot representative chose to overlook that it was the Greek Cypriots who rejected your comprehensive settlement plan which effectively addressed and eliminated that requirement .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	57	Work is well advanced on the formulation of the draft Law on Health Care Careers , which is pending approval in the National Assembly and dissemination to all health care units in the country . Also under way is the design of a human resources compensation policy based on job hierarchies , performance and contract types in keeping with the Law on Health Care Careers . The diagnostic of standards of internal oversight of the General Division is being updated and a code of conduct is being developed .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	57	Recalls the endorsement of the report of the Forum Ministerial Committee on New Caledonia by leaders of the Pacific Islands Forum at its 36th Summit , in October 2005 in Papua New Guinea , and the continuing role of the Forum Ministerial Committee in monitoring developments in the Territory and encouraging closer regional engagements ; Decides to keep under continuous review the process unfolding in New Caledonia as a result of the signing of the Nouméa Accord ; Requests the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples to continue the examination of the question of the Non-Self-Governing Territory of New Caledonia and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its sixty-third session .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	24	The scale of assessments for the period 2007-2009 would therefore be prepared using data for 2004 . The situation would , however , be kept under review . The next step in the scale methodology was to convert GNI data to a single currency , the United States dollar .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	42	In 2004 , the Government abolished the need for visas to leave Turkmenistan , and cancelled earlier limitations on the freedom of movement within the territories of the State . On the rights of displaced persons and refugees in Turkmenistan , in keeping with a presidential decree of August 2005 , unprecedented measures have been adopted for more than 13 , 000 refugees , who have received citizenship . In addition , in August 2005 , the President granted 3 , 500 refugees permanent residence .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	54	However , should the Department of Management wish to reuse the unused obligation , the Secretary-General should make a justified request for approval by the General Assembly ( recommendation 1 ) . The Department of Management advised that funds earmarked for projects deferred to the capital master plan had not been obligated and are kept in CFS multi-year accounts following the transfer of funds from the regular budget to the construction-in-progress account . The Secretariat does not intend to use the funds unless its proposal for an alternative use of the funds , as proposed in the context of the report of the Department of Safety and Security , is approved by the General Assembly .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	53	Following the Council meeting in January , Dr. Peter Piot , the Executive Director of the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS ( UNAIDS ) , informed us of a specific plan for the major intensification and mobilization of efforts to address AIDS . We appreciate his statement today , which was in keeping with his commitment to brief the Council regularly on the status of the plan . Thirdly , there should be a strong partnership between Governments , international organizations and civil society , particularly the private sector so that the pharmaceutical companies , in partnership with the donor nations , can come up with affordable vaccines to prevent infection .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	70	First of all , we welcome the Secretary-General 's conclusion that doubts regarding the effectiveness of sanctions have increased in recent years , as well as his concern about the negative effects of sanctions on civilian populations and on neighbouring countries whose trade suffers from sanctions without compensation . The Secretary-General calls upon the international community to reflect upon the current system of sanctions and on whether it is in keeping with the purposes and principles enshrined in the Charter , in particular with regard to the comprehensive sanctions imposed on Iraq . Those sanctions are now entering their eleventh year and are by any measure a form of collective punishment imposed on the Iraqi people .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	71	For example , in the case of the Democratic Republic of the Congo , where important members of Congolese civil society appear not to have a favourable opinion of the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo , it would be interesting to know the opinion of those elements of Congolese society . The relationship between the Council and civil society should be basically practical , in keeping with the Arria formula . To that end , extending that practice to include civil society and local non-governmental organizations of societies in conflict should serve to bring the actions of peacekeeping missions more in line with national realities .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	51	In particular , the Committee stresses the importance of educating children , parents and the public at large about the dangers of landmines and unexploded ordnance in order to prevent injury and death . It is crucial that States parties continue to locate landmines and unexploded ordnance , take measures to keep children away from suspected areas , and strengthen their mine clearance activities and , when appropriate , seek the necessary technical and financial support within a framework of international cooperation , including from United Nations agencies . ( See also paragraph 23 above on landmines and unexploded ordnance and paragraph 78 below on armed conflicts under special protection measures .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	24	Part I. Introduction : Aims and Purposes The purpose of the NGO Health Committee is to promote worldwide cooperation on issues of health in keeping with United Nations principles and concerns . c. Collaborate with United Nations departments , bodies , organizations and agencies in order to promote improved health and well-being of all people
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	23	Colombia and Uruguay reported that records had to be kept for 10 years . Germany and Malaysia reported that records had to be kept for a minimum of six years . Nigeria and Slovakia noted that under their national legislation there was an obligation for keeping records for a minimum of five years .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	132	On that basis , it is a constant of Tunisian case law that an accused can not be found guilty on the sole basis of a confession.j Moreover , according to the State party , the complainant 's allegation that he confessed under torture his membership of the ENNAHDA movement is contradicted by the certificate supplied by Mr. Ltaief to the Swiss authorities in support of his application for political asylum , since the certificate , from the “ leader of the ENNAHDA movement ” , confirmed his membership of the “ movement ” . 8.7 Concerning the allegations relating to prison conditions , and in particular the arrangements for transfers between one prison and another , which the complainant considers an abuse , the State party points out that , in keeping with the applicable regulations , transfers are decided upon in the light of the different stages of the proceedings , the number of cases and the courts which have competence for specific areas . The prisons are grouped in three categories : for persons held awaiting trial ; for persons serving custodial sentences ; and semi-open prisons for persons found guilty of ordinary offences , which are authorized to organize agricultural labour .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	12	Education was a fundamental and core priority for orphans ' rights . Keeping parents alive was also key to the response , and the UNICEF strategy was to provide better nutrition and treatment against opportunistic infections , including providing vitamins to infected children and parents , especially women . The panel highlighted the prevention of mother-to-child transmission ( PMTCT ) “ plus ” initiative that UNICEF , in partnership with WHO and Médicins sans frontières ( Doctors without Borders ) , was currently promoting and which included providing information on the sources and pricing of anti-retroviral drugs .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	112	The international community should condemn the Bush administration for sponsoring international terrorism , as scandalously demonstrated by the kidnapping of our Five Heroes and the protection it continues to give to Mr. Posada Carriles , Orlando Bosch and other known criminals who stroll through the streets of Miami . It is time to stop Mr. Bush and his irresponsible and immoral policy of massacring the Iraqi people , destroying the lives of thousands of young North Americans , threatening the entire world with a war without end , restricting freedoms in the United States itself and shattering the legal and moral obligations incumbent upon all States while protecting a notorious murderer and keeping five selfless fighters against terrorism locked up . The National Assembly of People 's Power of the Republic of Cuba calls on the Parliaments , political and social organizations , on all men and women who dream of a better world , a world of justice , peace and freedom to demand the immediate and unconditional release of Gerardo Hernández , Ramón Labañino , Antonio Guerrero , Fernando González and René González and to call for the extradition to the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela of Luis Posada Carriles so that he may be tried and punished for his crimes which have so far gone unpunished .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	46	The application of IHL is to be found solely at the doctrinal and training level , since our country has not been involved in armed conflict since 1945 . Training of navy personnel in military academies on conduct in hostile or belligerent acts is provided in keeping with the principles and rules contained in the 1949 Geneva Conventions and the 1977 protocols to them . Does your State make use of legal advisers to advise commanding officers at the various levels of command ( strategic , operational and tactical ) on the application and applicability of the existing important principles of international law ?
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	77	Mexico believes that the duties of States in respect of international environmental law are designed , by their very nature , to prohibit any type of arms that would cause significant damage to the environment . By way of an example of the respect that it has for the general environmental norms in disarmament and arms control agreements , on 29 March 2004 , Mexico signed an Additional Protocol to its safeguards agreement with IAEA , in keeping with its obligations under the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons and the Treaty for the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons in Latin America and the Caribbean ( Treaty of Tlatelolco ) . It did so knowing that this expression of a legal link reaffirms its commitment to nuclear disarmament and in full knowledge of the fact that this will contribute to prevention of any harmful effect to the environment stemming from lack of protection and safety measures in nuclear activities , materials and facilities .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	61	Its purpose was to find a way to legitimize a process whereby , contrary to the principle of self-determination and the settlement plan , the future of a people which had struggled so hard and for so long for freedom would be determined beforehand . The Frente POLISARIO therefore considered the “ third way ” unacceptable since it was not in keeping with the settlement plan , and in June 2001 it had informed the Secretary-General of the United Nations and his Personal Envoy accordingly . In the light of those developments and once again reaffirming its adherence to the settlement plan for Western Sahara proposed by the United Nations and the Organization of African Unity , in June 2001 the Frente POLISARIO had presented to the Secretary-General a set of proposals designed to assist in overcoming the obstacles , real or artificial , which were used as a pretext to delay the holding of the referendum at the time planned .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	21	Actual progress made to promote and ensure the elimination of discrimination against women . The Office of Gender Affairs continues to keep current the major issues affecting women in the Virgin Islands , and also the issues and concerns of men . Since the last report , this office has strengthened its efforts to raise awareness on HIV/AIDS throughout the community and to provide public education on sexual and reproductive health , and domestic violence .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	38	A number of political commitments have been made which underline the shared international responsibility for poverty reduction and the need for a partnership between developed and developing countries against extreme poverty . While these promises are not always kept , the independent expert would like to stress that the obligations to provide international assistance and cooperation are not only of a moral or political character but also have a basis in international human rights law . For example , a number of provisions found in international human rights treaties , inter alia , articles 2.1 and 11 of the International Covenant on Economic , Social and Cultural Rights and article 4 of the Convention on the Rights of the Child ) impose legally binding obligations upon States .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	75	Since security in Europe is linked closely to security in the Mediterranean , we attach particular importance to non-proliferation and disarmament in that region and give top priority to the universalization and ratification of the NPT and the CTBT . The European Union calls on all States in that region to make the Middle East an effectively verifiable zone free of nuclear weapons and other weapons of mass destruction and their delivery systems , in keeping with the resolution on the Middle East adopted at the 1995 Review and Extension Conference . The EU acknowledges the importance of the nuclear-weapon-free zones established on the basis of arrangements freely arrived at among States of the regions concerned .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	37	On one hand , the claimant is not offered any protection in this respect and draft article 40 ( 3 ) is deleted . On the other hand , draft article 40 ( 3 ) could be kept in its present form . However , there was general support amongst those participating in the informal seminar for the view that a middle way should be sought as a possible solution that could receive broad support in the Working Group .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-sixth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Mission in Ethiopia and Eritrea ” . Revision of part II of the annual reports questionnaire
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	35	While on leave caring for her child , a woman may , if she wishes , work part-time or from home , retaining her right to draw a State social insurance benefit . A woman keeps her job or position for the duration of her leave . Childcare leave is included in total and uninterrupted length of service , and also in length of service in a specialized occupation ( except where a pension is awarded in connection with special working conditions ) ( Labour Code , art .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	22	Poverty reduction and eradication must therefore remain at the core of all development efforts towards a just and equitable order . In keeping with our democratic tradition , just three months ago , the people of my country voted , overwhelmingly , for a change of Government . Immediately upon assuming office , my Government has formulated development strategies based on the premise that economic and social policies must subserve the primacy of the people , in particular the poor .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	22	An OSCE mission is still in Croatia . This is an example of an exit strategy that is very gradual and in keeping with the complexity of the tasks to be carried out . But we should also think about this as an example of a successful transition between international organizations that have managed to establish good coordination between themselves .
keep%2:35:10::	keep.v	20	According to the information received , the two journalists were arrested They were reportedly not eligible for bail and were kept in police custody . The Special Rapporteur sent an urgent appeal on 28 June 2000 with regard to the arrest of Ahmed Jan Siddiqui , a correspondent of the Ausaf in Sadda newspaper , and the issuing of an arrest warrant against Iqbal Hussain , a correspondent of the Rawalpindi-based Jang .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	41	They are separated from each other and from Arab lands and subjected to wanton closures . Palestinians will never feel safe and secure in a situation devoid of any dignity ; a situation that could never be said to be in keeping with human rights and that will never allow them an avenue to the outside world . In fact , they feel threatened by everyone and from everywhere .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	70	Except for the non-incurrence of overexpenditure at ECLAC , the Board still noted gaps in the implementation of procedures in the management of trust funds in some substantive offices and one regional commission , as follows : ( a ) At ESCAP , there were no terminal reports for three completed technical cooperation projects with total reserves and fund balances of $ 23 , 000 , which was not in keeping with the requirement of the ESCAP programme and project management guide , whereby terminal reports should be submitted to the Programme Management Division within one month after project activities have been completed ; ( b ) Similarly , the Department for Disarmament Affairs did not prepare the substantive progress reports for 2005 for 2 of 10 trust funds ( for one of which there was also no report for 2004 ) .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	53	First , even if no notification of the assignment is given to the debtor of the receivable , payment might actually be made to , or received by , the assignee . Given the purpose of the security right in the receivable , it is more efficient that the assignee be entitled to keep the payment , applying it to a reduction of the assignor 's obligation . Similarly , if payment is made to the assignor after the assignment has been made , and again regardless of whether the debtor of the receivable has received notice , the assignor should be required to remit the payment received to the assignee .
keep%2:35:10::	keep.v	29	His brother was the chairman of Musavat in the Oghuz region . 2.2 On account of his participation in a demonstration on 12 September 1998 he was arrested and kept in custody for three days . He was beaten badly by military staff and police both during the demonstration and in detention , and sustained injuries on his back and kidneys .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	31	Her Government was also providing service centres for older persons in remote areas . In conclusion , she expressed the hope that the current discussions would induce the international community to keep the promises made with a view to improving the humanitarian and social situation of all peoples . Ms. Sow ( Senegal ) said that the serious economic crisis following the soaring oil and food prices , as well as the harmful effects of climate change , were likely to jeopardize the efforts made by the poor countries and prevent them from attaining the Millennium Development Goals by 2015 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	33	( a ) The legal system in Iraq is based on texts that incorporate the norms of the rule of law , some of which we list hereunder . They are fully in keeping with the international human rights instruments to which Iraq has acceded . The latter are legally binding , and they may be invoked in domestic litigation. The texts in question are as follows :
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	90	Requests the Committee to continue to exert all efforts to promote the realization of the inalienable rights of the Palestinian people , to support the Middle East peace process and to mobilize international support for and assistance to the Palestinian people , and authorizes the Committee to make such adjustments in its approved programme of work as it may consider appropriate and necessary in the light of developments and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its sixty-second session and thereafter ; Also requests the Committee to continue to keep under review the situation relating to the question of Palestine and to report and make suggestions to the General Assembly , the Security Council or the Secretary-General , as appropriate ; Further requests the Committee to continue to extend its cooperation and support to Palestinian and other civil society organizations in order to mobilize international solidarity and support for the Palestinian people , particularly during this critical period of humanitarian hardship and financial crisis , with the overall aim of promoting the achievement by the Palestinian people of its inalienable rights and for a peaceful settlement of the question of Palestine , and to continue to involve additional civil society organizations in its work ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	119	In reviewing the progress made at the halfway point towards the achievement of the Millennium Development Goals ( MDGs ) , we sincerely recognize the positive results recorded in many aspects of life throughout the world that have brought about improved livelihoods for millions of people , as reported in the related discussion materials for this meeting . However , a closer look and more careful analysis of the challenges ahead of us , particularly those contained in background papers on poverty and hunger and health and education , reminds us that much more remains to be done , and greater efforts must be made , if our promise to accomplish the eight MDGs by 2015 is to be kept . That also applies to the case of Viet Nam .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	29	“ Do they not look at the powers and Governments which came before them ? If the people of the past had actually possessed something , they would have kept it and would not have let you possess it now . God destroyed them because of their sins , and nobody could protect them against the will of God ” .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	68	Thus far , as noted in the report of the Secretary-General ( A/60/539 ) , Israel has failed to carry out its basic obligations under the road map , including the freezing of all settlement activity , the immediate dismantling of settlement outposts and the ending of the construction of the separation wall . The Secretary-General believes that work on the wall is a unilateral act not in keeping with the road map and that it , along with continued Israeli settlement activity , constitutes a key challenge to the fulfilment of the road map 's goal of a two-State solution . Clearly , the two main obstacles to the peace process are the construction and continued extension of the wall , which run counter to the advisory opinion of the International Court of Justice of 9 July 2004 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	27	No kind of proceedings based on torture can be fair . All evidence for the prosecution in a criminal trial must be obtained in a manner in keeping with the guarantees established in article 10 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and article 14 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights . In the light of the foregoing , the Working Group renders the following opinion :
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	42	In addition , the need to improve the training of journalists by reinforcing learning institutions was noted . It was also recommended that UNESCO , together with other United Nations partners , encourage the production and dissemination of local media contents while keeping a calculated balance between local , national and international contributions . Recent policy changes
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	83	Here , we attach importance to the work of the Sixth Committee with a view to the Assembly granting observer status to the International Hydrographic Organization in order to facilitate its technical assistance activities in this sphere . We note with satisfaction that draft resolution A/56/L.18 takes note of the recent adoption by the United Nations Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization ( UNESCO ) of the Convention on the Protection of the Underwater Cultural Heritage , which is a positive development in keeping with article 303 of the Convention and with the obligation of all States to protect underwater archaeological and historical objects . We note too that the UNESCO Convention provides for a connection with the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	49	We have expressed our country 's position , traditionally in a spirit of flexibility , so as to prompt this body to begin substantive negotiations as quickly as possible . In this connection , the proposal that has just been put to us by the United States is in keeping with the objective being pursued by this structured debate . This type of proposal was what we hoped to encourage in this room .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	75	The immense , intensifying military build-up promised by the United States had the potential either for worldwide destruction or for a world coming together into consciousness . The nations of the international community had the power to break the cycle of colonialism , and in that noble endeavour the indigenous voice must be given an equal presence to tell of its heritage and its diverse culture that were being systematically destroyed for the sake of keeping colonial order . Ms. Castro withdrew .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	45	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of assistance programmes to the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations decisions relating thereto , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea level rise , and recalling the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly ,
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	17	The Commission can only facilitate . We are firmly convinced that peace must be built , and kept , by domestic actors . We believe that the role of the Peacebuilding Fund should be primarily catalytic .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	21	Requests the Rapporteur to report to the Special Committee in 2001 on the implementation of the present resolution ; Decides to keep the question of Puerto Rico under continuous review . Consideration of other matters
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	86	As a result , the main tasks that will be defined by the work programme , which is expected to be issued soon , would be subject to the deadline for war , thus preventing the implementation of the programme . It is the clear the interest of the international community to strengthen the mandate of the inspectors so that they can eliminate weapons of mass destruction , not only in Iraq but in the Middle East as a whole , including in Israel , in keeping with paragraph 14 of Security Council resolution 687 ( 1991 ) . The President ( spoke in French ) : The next speaker inscribed on my list is the representative of Belarus .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	45	Regional and global economic growth and social development could be hampered if this disturbing trend is not effectively countered . Indeed , in some parts of the world , the achievement of all the other Millennium Development Goals hinges on much more vigorous action to keep the epidemic in check and provide treatment for those already infected . The impediments to achieving the goals of the Millennium Declaration come in many forms but they are not insuperable .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	49	Importantly , it encourages all States involved in the diamond trade to participate in the proposed international certification scheme . In conclusion , the draft resolution requests the Kimberley Process to report to the General Assembly during its next session and also makes provisions for the General Assembly to keep this item on its agenda . The Kimberley Process complements efforts to create and maintain peace and security .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	92	Invites the Government of Germany to continue contributing , on a voluntary basis , to UNCCD meetings organized in Bonn ; Requests the UNCCD secretariat , together with the other United Nations organizations based in Bonn , to continue consultations with the Government of Germany regarding the move to the United Nations Campus , with a view to identifying ways to meet the subsequent anticipated higher costs of the facilities , and further requests the Government of Germany , in this regard , to make arrangements to absorb these costs , in keeping with its obligations as host country ; Requests the secretariat to report to the Conference of the Parties at its eighth session on further progress made in its relations with the host country .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	51	Expresses its full satisfaction at the devotion and efficiency with which the IDB President and his staff are running this institution to ensure its good performance , as it continues to make an invaluable contribution to the development and progress of Muslim populations . Calls on the Islamic Development Bank to keep up its beneficial action and strive to increase the mobilization of necessary resources for augmenting its services to the Member States , and to the Islamic Ummah at large . Commends the IDB for its donation of 500 million US dollars to assist the victims of the earthquake and the Tsunami in Indonesia , Maldives , Thailand , Somalia , India and Sri Lanka .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	69	This attitude by the United States erodes the spirit , the intentions and the conclusions that prevailed among the nations of the entire world when they met in Switzerland and Tunisia during the World Summit on the Information Society . The Summit strongly urged States , when building the information society , to take the necessary measures to avoid and refrain from adopting unilateral measures that were not in keeping with international law and the Charter of the United Nations , prevented the full achievement of the economic and social development of the population of the countries affected or adversely affected the well-being of their citizens . The discussion in the General Assembly about development in the field of information and telecommunications in the context of international security is very pertinent and its timeliness and importance increase every day .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	28	In certain circumstances , a police officer is required to accompany the customer and identify the person to the bank officer . Other due diligence measures is in keeping with FATF requirements . Financial institutions are required to conduct customer due diligence as required under the Reserve Bank of Fiji 's Anti- Money Laundering Guidelines .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	63	If successful , the latter would save the territorial Government some $ 10 million per year while speeding up benefits for needy citizens . According to the Governor , major efforts had been made to face the massive debt to the federal Government inherited from previous administrations , particularly the $ 200 million owed to the Federal Emergency Management Agency , which had kept the territorial Government afloat in the aftermath of Hurricanes Hugo and Marilyn . Within the debt relief provisions of the Federal Credit Reform Act , the Hurricane Hugo debt had been removed from the government books in December 2001 .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	26	My country extends a greeting to Secretary-General Kofi Annan . Under his leadership , the United Nations is fulfilling with vision and wisdom its commitment to keeping the peace . This meeting has a special meaning , for here we renew our purpose to go further in our multilateral effort to fight terrorism .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	32	Consistent with Executive Board requirements , the report contains performance information on programme focus and results , organizational strategies and expenditures to achieve the objectives of the MYFF . Also , in keeping with Executive Board decision 2005/20 , the report adopts capacity development as its main theme . While tThe selection of this theme shows recognition of the importance attached to capacity development in the triennial comprehensive policy reviewTCPR and the Wworld Ssummit Ooutcome documents , it is also a reflection ofand reflects the importance that UNDP attaches to the issue .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	48	The wide range of topics on the AALCO agenda is indicative of that organization 's resolve to positively contribute to collective efforts aimed at tackling the new challenges of the international community . AALCO closely monitors legal developments relating to international economic cooperation for development and continues to keep that issue on its agenda . The question of refugees — a topic on which the organization has done a lot of work — trade law matters , crime prevention and combating corruption have also been the subject of study and deliberation by the organization .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	26	Endorses the recommendations of the Secretary-General for a phased , gradual drawdown and withdrawal of Mission staff , including arms monitors ; Requests the Secretary-General to keep the Security Council informed of progress towards implementation of the present resolution and to submit a report on this and the implications for the Mission no later than 31 October 2008 ; Calls upon the Government of Nepal to continue to take the necessary decisions to create conditions conducive to the completion of the activities of the Mission by the end of the current mandate , including through implementation of the agreement of 25 June 2008 , in order to facilitate the withdrawal of the Mission from Nepal ;
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	31	Most now lived in refugee camps near Tindouf , in Algeria . Anybody familiar with those camps could not fail to be appalled by the situation in which the international community kept the victims of a cruel and unjust situation. Various reports , issued by the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees ( UNHCR ) and the World Food Programme ( WFP ) , as well as by the non-governmental organizations working in the camps , had recognized that for 28 years the refugees in the camps had been denied regular access to drinking water and deprived of an adequate diet . The reports had also made clear that progress achieved in areas such as sanitation , education , or policies on gender equality had been due more to the determination and organization of the Saharawi people than to the assistance of the international community .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	27	We must ensure that these compacts do not fail in the crucible of implementation . As developing countries lead efforts for their progress , development partners must keep their commitments by meeting development assistance targets and providing debt relief to the highly indebted poor countries , including the least developed nations . Increasing development assistance alone , however , will do little to help developing countries unless rich nations dismantle their farm subsidies and pull down their tariff and non-tariff barriers to products from the South .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	72	( b ) To continue to consider , on a priority basis , the question of the implementation of the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations related to assistance to third States affected by the application of sanctions under Chapter VII of the Charter by commencing a substantive debate on all of the related reports of the Secretary-General and the proposals submitted on the question ; ( c ) To keep on its agenda the question of the peaceful settlement of disputes between States ; ( d ) To continue to consider proposals concerning the Trusteeship Council in the light of the report of the Secretary-General submitted in accordance with General Assembly resolution 50/55 of 11 December 1995 , the report of the Secretary-General entitled “ Renewing the United Nations : a programme for reform ” and the views expressed by States on this subject at previous sessions of the Assembly ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	80	For more than four decades , we have been urging the Security Council to call upon and pressure Israel to cease its expansionist and aggressive practices . But we have now realized that those appeals have been futile and that the Security Council must adopt a resolution to be implemented to force Israel to immediately halt the construction of the wall on occupied Palestinian territory and far from the Green Line , and to strictly respect its commitments , in keeping with international law and norms and with the Fourth Geneva Convention . The President : I now call on the representative of Egypt .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	59	The Group was following closely the status of implementation of the Agreement , and the Director-General should continue to pursue contacts with UNDP in order to ensure that all the Desks included under the pilot phase were operational as soon as possible . The African Group attached great importance to the Cooperation Agreement , and the Secretariat should continue keeping it updated with regard to its implementation . It hoped that the new evaluation policy adopted recently by the Secretariat would allow for constructive interaction with Member States for the evaluation of the Agreement .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	75	Welcomes the coordination of the Unit with the Board of Auditors and the Office of Internal Oversight Services , and encourages those bodies to continue sharing experiences , knowledge , best practices and lessons learned with other United Nations audit and oversight bodies as well as with the Independent Audit Advisory Committee ; Takes note with appreciation of the information contained in paragraph 63 of the annual report , 1 and encourages the Unit to keep the General Assembly informed , if necessary , about any difficulty or delay in obtaining visas for the official travel of the inspectors , as well as members of its secretariat ; Requests the Unit to provide at its earliest convenience a detailed explanation of the nature and scope of the investigations the Unit envisions conducting .
keep%2:35:10::	keep.v	72	In some countries the immigration rate has significantly increased , others are simply overwhelmed by a phenomenon new to their Governments , even if the influx of aliens is relatively limited in numbers . Consequently , illegal immigrants and asylum-seekers , including children and trafficked persons , may face a detention term of several months or years or even a ( potentially ) indefinite one in countries where it is mandatory to keep them in custody , or which otherwise resort to unlimited or indefinite detention provided for by domestic laws . During its country missions the Working Group met with many non-citizens who had been detained for months , some for years .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	25	This constitutes a vital promise for hundreds of thousands of mine victims around the world , as well as for their families and communities . Keeping this promise is a crucial responsibility of all States Parties , though first and foremost of those whose citizens suffer the tragedy of mine incidents . This is especially the case for those 23 States Parties where there are vast numbers of victims .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	76	The basic goal of a restraining order , therefore , is to offer an appropriate and quick-operating protective tool to the victim during possibly lengthy proceedings that can be applied before a legally binding verdict is reached , and that it will help to promote the success of the evidentiary process . When under a restraining order , a defendant is mandated to leave a place of residence referred to in the court decision , in keeping with the rules of that decision . The defendant must stay away from that residence for the length of time defined by the court , and is prohibited from approaching the person named in the restraining order as well as the residence and workplace of that person , any pre-school or school or other educational facility regularly visited by the person , any healthcare facility the person regularly uses and any place of worship the person regularly visits .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	49	The requesting party should not be relieved of the responsibility to disclose any material changes in circumstances simply because the other side had had a formal or material chance to be heard . Mr. Castello ( United States of America ) said that his delegation was in favour of keeping the text that had been developed by the Working Group . It shared the doubt expressed as to whether the point that was the focus of paragraph ( 1 ) actually highlighted a divide between common-law and civil-law traditions .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	79	As a general rule a distinction is drawn between two types of security assurance . On the one hand , we have the so-called positive security assurances , whereby the nuclear-weapon States undertake in the case of an attack or threat of attack involving the use or threat of use of such weapons against a non-nuclear-weapon State immediately to bring the matter to the consideration of the Security Council to allow the Security Council to take urgent measures in keeping with the provisions of the Charter . Such so-called positive assurances have been provided by the five permanent members of the Security Council in the context of resolution 984 ( 1995 ) of 11 April 1995 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	84	Kuwait asked about the level of women 's ' participation in political parties and electoral commissions . Keeping in mind progress made by Indonesia , in particular with regard to the harmonization of legislation , gender equality , the democratization process and the protection of specific groups , Mexico recommended that Indonesia consider withdrawing its reservations to CRC and , as part of efforts to strengthen the judiciary , to consider possible amendments to the Criminal Code to include torture as an offence in keeping with international standards . Noting that both Indonesia and Mexico share many challenges , the delegation also suggested to the Vice-Minister to consider the possibility of holding a bilateral dialogue to share experiences and learn from their efforts in the area of human rights .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	44	Invites voluntary contributions to the Transitional Administration in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-fifth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Transitional Administration in East Timor ” . 89th plenary meeting
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	51	My delegation is waiting for the international community to shoulder its responsibility , as it did when it uprooted the apartheid regime in South Africa . We call on the international community to force Israel to respect international legitimacy and all decisions and resolutions related to the Palestinian cause , in keeping with the relevant resolutions adopted by the League of Arab States — the most recent of which related to the Arab Peace Initiative — as well as the principle of land for peace and the establishment of a Palestinian State , with Al-Quds Al-Sharif as its capital . Any current initiatives that do not take those requirements into account will not succeed .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	45	We encourage our women to become technicians and engineers ; at one point the ratio of female engineers to male engineers at our Department of Rural Roads was in favour of females . Our Road Fund is a second-generation fund whose governance structures are in keeping with modern governance regimes . However , amid these promising strides , we note with concern that some development partners are now focusing their financial assistance on the social sector .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	60	Several governmental delegations , including those whose preference was to retain the word “ adverse ” , showed flexibility and stated that they were ready to accept such a deletion if that would lead to consensus . Some indigenous representatives said that they could accept the deletion of the word “ adverse ” , but most indigenous representatives insisted on keeping it . No other concrete proposals for improvement of the text of this article were made during the debate ; however , a few governmental delegations expressed their preference for deferring the adoption of this article until the question of self-determination could be appropriately addressed .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	24	The issues raised in the immediate paragraphs above have been addressed in the agreement with UNOPS . The Learning and Career Development Branch is keeping records of all training expenses against the learning budget . In addition , the Branch is now collecting data on participants with regard to gender , level and type of appointment .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	41	In respect of periodicity , the Committee had adopted a resolution allowing the combining of outstanding reports into a single document . A major innovation was the request to States parties to avoid lengthy reports where possible and to endeavour to keep them below 120 pages in length . The General Assembly has adopted a recommendation to undertake had requested that a study be undertaken a study on violence against children , as recommended by the Committee .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	27	As a country which recognized the importance of participating in the clean development mechanism , Sri Lanka had acceded to the Kyoto Protocol in 2002 . In keeping with its obligations under the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change , Sri Lanka has submitted an initial national communication to that body in October 2000 and had prepared its first inventory of greenhouse gases in 1994 . It was preparing the second national communication and was expected to update the inventory of greenhouse gases .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	8	That goddamn redheader was the worst . He kept sayin , not me , not me , I do n't wanta wind up like em . But I told him , goddammit .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	45	We might think of the reaction of society and friends , how they will consider and treat us in the future ; whether they will look at us differently ; whether they will reject us . We might think whether we will be able to keep our job or to find a new one , and whether our condition will jeopardize our strength to carry on our work . Will we be able to pay for drugs to increase the length of our life ?
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	73	She had also urged countries that had not yet ratified the Convention to do so and encouraged those States parties that had expressed reservations concerning articles that were incompatible with the letter and spirit of the Convention to work towards withdrawing those reservations , in order to help reduce the feminization of poverty . During her meeting with the Secretary-General in October 2002 , she had expressed her thanks for his decision to keep the Committee in New York , and briefed him on the Committee 's first informal meeting with States parties , mentioning the large number of States parties present and their active participation . That and the overwhelming participation of representatives at the twelfth meeting of States parties on 29 August 2002 had demonstrated the great interest of States parties in the Committee 's work .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	96	It welcomed the recent decision by the State Duma of the Russian Federation to ratify START II , the initiative on fissile materials that had been taken by the United States , the Russian Federation and IAEA , the reduction by the United Kingdom of its nuclear arsenal , the dismantling by France of its nuclear test facilities in the South Pacific and China 's continued policy of no first use of nuclear weapons . In addition , the IAEA safeguards provided in the Additional Protocol offered a new benchmark for verifying that non-nuclear-weapon States were keeping their part of the Non-Proliferation Treaty bargain . While the nuclear tests conducted by India and Pakistan were not in breach of the Non-Proliferation Treaty , they flew in the face of the commitments made by the States parties thereto .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	28	The international community must now ensure that the deployment of the Hybrid force proceeds quickly . Active cooperation is needed across the international community if we are to keep our promise to the people of Darfur . The alternative — to fail — is unthinkable .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	38	As members are aware , the General Assembly heard 20 speakers this morning , and we still have 127 speakers remaining for the High-level Dialogue . I hope that I can count on the cooperation of representatives to keep to the time limit . I give the floor to Her Excellency Senator Amanda Vanstone , Minister for Immigration and Multicultural Affairs of Australia .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	51	The policies and strategies of the United Nations development system had to be inclusive , it being recognized that , for development to be sustainable , development initiatives had to be tailored coherently to each country 's needs . She reaffirmed that collective leadership was needed to ensure proactive action in keeping with the Monterrey Consensus , and other conferences and development institutions , with the participation of civil society and the private sector . The Eminent Persons ' work was indispensable , although some recommendations would require further analysis , whereas others could be implemented in accordance with different time lines .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	29	For that reason it had abstained from the voting on the draft resolution . Mr. Desmoures ( Argentina ) said that the resolution just adopted should be implemented in keeping with the relevant resolutions and decisions of the General Assembly and the Committee . Agenda item 36 : Offers by Member States of study and training facilities for inhabitants of Non-Self-Governing Territories ( continued )
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	10	First , liquidity . The wealthiest nations have moved to keep credit flowing at home . We must ensure that developing countries can do so as well .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	32	Information should be provided on the content of the memorandums of understanding signed with other countries that received Indonesian migrant workers . The memorandum of understanding with Malaysia apparently allowed employers to keep a migrant worker 's passport . Arrangements permitting such unacceptable practices and other kinds of exploitation , such as making migrant workers pay to obtain a job , should be terminated .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	34	In its report ( A/62/823 , para. 20 ) , the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions stressed the importance of flight safety in accordance with international standards . The Board continued to keep the issue under review and noted that at MINUSTAH , in the 2006/07 budget for air transportation , the amounts for the Rescue and Fire Fighting Services and the Meteorological Services were $ 3.12 million and $ 700 , 000 , respectively . The Board noted that no funds in respect of the two activities had been committed during 2007/08 .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	38	It is in that context that the impact of a decision by the International Criminal Court on the CPA and the Darfur situation will need to be discussed . The purpose of the CPA is the building and keeping of peace and security in the Sudan , without which no justice for its people will be possible . Towards that end , it is incumbent upon the Sudanese parties and leadership , as well as the international community , to remain focused on ensuring the full implementation of the CPA .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Force in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-sixth session , under the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations peacekeeping forces in the Middle East ” , the sub-item entitled “ United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon ” . 91st plenary meeting 21 December 2001
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	53	( c ) Also approves the donation of assets of the Mission with an inventory value of 6 , 911 , 400 dollars and corresponding residual value of 1 , 967 , 900 dollars to the African Union in support of the African Union Mission in Somalia ; ( d ) Decides to keep under review during its sixty-third session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Mission in Ethiopia and Eritrea ” . HUMAN RIGHTS COUNCIL Twelfth session Working Group on the Right to Development High-level task force on the implementation of the right to development
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	45	Nevertheless , we must not lose sight of the complex issue of non-State actors , which continue to produce and use landmines . Progress towards a world free of anti-personnel mines would be promoted if non-State actors renounced the use of those weapons , in keeping with the Ottawa Convention . Therefore , Switzerland urges all non-State actors to renounce the use , stockpiling , production and transfer of all anti-personnel mines , in accordance with the principles and norms of international humanitarian law .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	56	His delegation respectfully disagreed with the assertion that certain of the proposed amendments to the 1988 Convention for the Suppression of Unlawful Acts Against the Safety of Maritime Navigation of the International Maritime Organization ( IMO ) had “ potential negative implications for the NPT ” . The proposed amendments to the Convention were fully in keeping with the letter and spirit of the NPT . A large number of countries had worked diligently in IMO to formulate non-proliferation transport offences for inclusion in the Convention that would further the efforts of the world community to halt the proliferation of nuclear , chemical and biological weapons .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	86	The Inspector was very gratified to be further informed , at the time of finalizing this report , that the Government of Kenya had recently agreed to harmonize and extend the privileges of the host country agreement of UNON , UNEP and UN-Habitat to all the organizations and specialized agencies of the United Nations system represented in Kenya , and that UNON was expecting the transmission of the agreement in writing in July/August 2006 . As this is still pending , the Inspector would like to keep the following recommendation in the report , and would be only too glad if it should be overtaken by events by the time this report is officially issued . Recommendation 9
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	77	As stated , the maintenance of these unilateral measures is contrary to the spirit of dialogue and cooperation that should prevail in international relations , since their application breaches the norms and principles of international law . The Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela is convinced that the international community must not let up in its efforts to end the practice of applying unilateral coercive measures that seek to curtail the sovereign right of States to determine , in keeping with the right of self-determination , their own political and social model consistent with the actual situation in their respective country and the particular requirements of their people . Lastly , the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela renews its firm commitment to unconditional respect for the norms and principles of international law and therefore appeals again to the Government of the United States of America to comply with the 17 resolutions adopted by the General Assembly and end the economic , commercial and financial embargo against Cuba .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	49	The Government of Argentina informed the Special Rapporteur that the Secretariat for Sustainable Development and Environmental Policy of the Ministry of Social Development and the Environment is the implementing authority for Act No. 23.922 , ratifying the Basel Convention . As part of its duties the Secretariat has been keeping a register of Argentina 's transboundary movements since 1995 and is permanently engaged in the area of customs intelligence in the prevention of illicit transit . Since the start of its activities in the area of transboundary movements , no complaint of incidents involving the illegal movement of dangerous wastes has been recorded .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	35	As indicated in paragraph 14 of the budget document , UNMIK has identified the continued strengthening of the capabilities and functioning of the law enforcement and criminal justice systems as a central priority . In keeping with this objective , a separate Police and Justice Pillar ( Pillar I ) was established on 21 May 2001 by relocating the Departments of Police and Justice from Pillar II ( Civil Administration ) to the new Pillar I . For the period 2001/2002 , 1 , 964 posts were redeployed to the Police and Justice Pillar from other units of UNMIK ( 1 , 953 from Pillar II , 10 from the Division of Administration and 1 from the Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General ) ( see A/56/802 , paras. 59-61 and part VIII.B ) .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	39	The issue of consolidation under IPSAS for the United Nations is complex and remains under examination with further consultations required with the Office of Legal Affairs and the funds and programmes . 22 ) , that the General Assembly keep the matter of consolidation under review , any resulting recommendations relating to consolidation of the Organization 's financial statements will be presented to the General Assembly at a later date . Planned activities
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	42	Total resources budgeted at $ 166.4 million for the biennium 2002-2003 are covered by fund balances and estimated income of $ 190.6 million for the same period . A margin of $ 24.2 million between likely resources and their planned use is kept to ensure adequate fund balances for activities ongoing into the biennium 2004-2005 , which will allow a balanced use of resources based on maintaining a programme-to-support ratio of 77 : 23 for the bienniums 2002-2003 and 2004-2005 . Operational priorities
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	24	As argued by other speakers , it also reflected actual current practice . For all those reasons , his delegation was in favour of keeping draft article 14 as it stood . The meeting rose at 1.05 p.m .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	44	In conclusion , Nauru would like to reiterate the importance of Member States making concerted efforts to strengthen the fundamentals of multilateralism . At the same time , the United Nations must assert its leadership role through the coordination of all key players in keeping the peace and fighting poverty and transboundary crimes , as well as with regard to humanitarian initiatives , the protection of human rights and the rights of the child , and in the fight against inequity and inequality . Only through such collaborative efforts can we move the United Nations in the direction that our leaders have agreed it must go .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	24	The past few years have seen a rise in small enterprises and in interest in generating cash income . However , artisans prefer to keep handicrafts as a cultural practice rather than use them for commercial gain . Much investment has been made in expanding fisheries commercially over the past decade , but maintaining artisanal fisheries at a subsistence level remains the preferred approach .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	40	In view of those and other urgent needs , it was not possible for the country to make any payments at that time . The Comoros continued to be committed to paying its contributions to the United Nations and would keep the issue of multi-year payment plans under continuous consideration , and as the country 's situation normalizes , would establish such a plan as a matter of priority . The Committee was provided with information by the Secretariat concerning the situation in the Comoros .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	27	Marty scanned the faces of the others nearest him , looked into their staring eyes . `` Did anyone see my cab '' ? he asked , keeping his voice casual . He avoided showing any surprise or annoyance when no one answered him .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	44	Similar efforts are under way with the United Nations Mission in Ethiopia and Eritrea ( UNMEE ) and the United Nations Peace-building Support Office in Liberia , as well as the newly established United Nations Office for West Africa . These efforts are in keeping with relevant Security Council resolutions and presidential statements on children and armed conflict , which specifically call for the inclusion of child protection staff in peace operations . The Office of the Special Representative continued to work with the Department of Peacekeeping Operations and UNICEF in the deployment of CPAs in the United Nations Mission in Sierra Leone ( UNAMSIL ) and the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo ( MONUC ) .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	43	Also requests the secretariat of the Commission to publish the reports submitted on its website , in their original language , as contributions to the next session of the Commission ; Requests the action line facilitators and the regional commissions to establish and keep open channels of communication with all stakeholders and include information on their implementation efforts in their respective reports , as appropriate ; Invites all stakeholders to establish and/or to keep open channels of communication with the action line facilitators and/or the regional commissions and to report to them on their implementation efforts , so that such efforts may be appropriately reflected and the relevant knowledge , practices and outcomes shared for the benefit of all ;
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	45	Furthermore , support was expressed by some delegations for the elaboration of an international code of conduct in the fight against terrorism . At the conclusion of the debate , the sponsor delegation requested that the issue of the convening of a high-level conference be kept under consideration . Annex II
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	74	The view was expressed that the main themes of the in-depth evaluation were the need for coordination and the increased workload of the Office of Legal Affairs , and that the Fifth Committee should be made aware of the situation . It was noted that there was an increasing need for coordination in international trade law and that the staff of the International Trade Law Branch of the Office of Legal Affairs had been kept at their 1968 level , which was a worrying fact . The Committee was pleased with the steps taken to resolve the problem of backlog in the publication of treaty and other legal material and trusted that the matter was being kept under constant review to achieve the elimination of backlog within a specified time frame .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	59	In light of this , policymakers should consider and address access and affordability , social benefits and environmental constraints , together with policies ' ability to contribute to economic growth and support security of supply . In order to make modern energy services available to populations in developing and developed countries , Governments and businesses need to continue to keep all energy options open and develop , as appropriate , all primary energy supplies : fossil fuels , hydro-energy , nuclear and renewable options . The focus should be on providing adequate supplies of safe , reliable , affordable energy while increasing efficiency and reducing negative environmental impacts through appropriate technologies and good practices , pursuant to recognizing that ongoing technological innovation may provide solutions to current challenges .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	22	The UNCITRAL model laws do not deal otherwise with issues related to access control or identity verification . This was also in keeping with the fact that , in a paper-based environment , signatures may be signs of identity but are necessarily attributive of identity ( see paras . [ … ] - [ … ] ) .The UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Commerce deals , however , with the conditions under which the addressee of a data message is entitled to assume that the message actually originated from its purported originator .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	14	How do we do it ? First , clearly the Council must continue to keep the situation in the Democratic Republic of the Congo under close review . In this regard , we want to say that today 's debate is actually a useful contribution .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	59	To extend them for a longer time , an application for separation , divorce , annulment , child custody or alimony must be filed within that period . In such case , the measures shall remain in effect for 30 days following receipt of the application , during which period the civil judge shall decide whether or not to keep them in effect . Once granted , the protection order affords other rights :
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	30	The internal energy of an ideal gas depends on temperature only and is independent of pressure or volume . In other words , if an ideal gas is compressed and kept at constant temperature , the work done in compressing it is completely converted into heat and transferred to the surrounding heat sink . This means that work equals q which in turn equals * * f .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	5	“ General “ Decides to keep the item entitled `Elimination of racism and racial discrimination ' on its agenda and to consider it as a matter of high priority at its fifty-sixth session. ” At its 54th meeting , on 10 November , the Committee had before it a revised draft resolution entitled “ Third Decade to Combat Racism and Racial Discrimination and the convening of the World Conference against Racism , Racial Discrimination , Xenophobia and Related Intolerance ” ( A/C.3/55/L.27/Rev.1 ) , submitted by the sponsors of draft resolution A/C.3/55/L.27 , which read :
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	29	The Meeting also encouraged the High Contracting Parties to nominate national experts for inclusion in the Pool of Experts . The Meeting of the High Contracting Parties decided to keep the issue of Mines Other Than Anti-Personnel Mines ( MOTAPM ) under consideration under the overall responsibility of the Chairperson-designate . The Meeting of the High Contracting Parties considered a proposal to establish an Implementation Support Unit ( “ ISU ” ) for the implementation of the Convention .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	35	A temporary or transitional arrangement could either make the ultimate choice between these two options , or take a more gradual approach . Some argue that we could start at the lower end , while keeping the option of adding more when the temporary solution will be reviewed . As stated , it has proven to be very difficult to find a permanent solution to the reform of the Security Council .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	30	Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations ( A/S-28/2 ) The Temporary President ( spoke in French ) : I should like , in keeping with the established practice , to invite the attention of the General Assembly to document A/S-28/2 , concerning Article 19 of the Charter of the United Nations . May I take it that the General Assembly duly takes note of the information contained in this document ?
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	70	Welcomes the cooperation established between the Special Rapporteur and other United Nations mechanisms and procedures relating to human rights and encourages the Special Rapporteur to continue efforts in this regard ; ( a ) To cooperate with and assist the Special Rapporteur so that her mandate may be carried out effectively , including , where appropriate , by issuing invitations to the Special Rapporteur when she so requests , in keeping with the usual terms of reference for missions by Special Rapporteurs of the Commission on Human Rights ; ( b ) To respond to the communications transmitted to them by the Special Rapporteur ;
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	15	Action by the Committee In pursuance of its mandate , the Committee will continue to keep under review the situation relating to the question of Palestine and participate in relevant meetings of the Security Council and the General Assembly . The Committee will also continue to monitor the situation on the ground and draw the attention of the international community to urgent developments in the Occupied Palestinian Territory , including Jerusalem , requiring international action .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	43	The Commercial Court did not have to decide the specific quantum of the loss of or damage to spares , as it found that the quantum exceeded the insured limit of USD 150 million . / The Commercial Court held that KAC could keep the eight recovered aircraft , because their market value was less than KAC 's uninsured loss of USD 392 million , that is , the difference between the USD 300 million paid by the KAC insurers and the total insured value of the Aircraft ( the “ uninsured loss ” ) . / The Commercial Court also found that the cover for the spares under the policy was only in respect of engines , spare parts , tools , aircraft material and equipment , including supporting ground equipment .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	41	A total of 50 recipients participated in the programme in the academic year 2002/03 , while 633 students graduated in the period 1995-2002 . Those awards , while not provided specifically in response to the General Assembly resolution , are in keeping with its spirit and intent . The Government of Switzerland contributed $ 1 , 703 , 581 between 1989 and 1996 and $ 338 , 000 in 1997 to the UNRWA scholarship programme for secondary school graduates .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	60	Meanwhile , among the Sahrawi in question , thousands are settled in territories which have not been occupied by Morocco , and many have been sheltered by Algeria at the explicit request of the international organizations concerned . In fact , the thinness of Morocco 's statement stems from its inability to explain to the international community why it is keeping an entire people under occupation and why , against the unanimous will of that same community , it continues to deny this people the right to self-determination and to reject the various United Nations peace plans after having accepted them . Algeria , for its part , remains calm and certain that it is on the side of right and justice , and is confident that , sooner or later , the people of Western Sahara will exercise their inalienable right to self-determination .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	114	2.5 On 1 March 1999 , the author again applied to the Administration of the Indonesian Pensions Fund ( Stichting Administratie Indonesische Pensioenen ) ( SAIP ) , mandated since 1995 to administer the New-Guinea pensions , to grant her a special widow 's pension effective from 26 March 1991 , based on an analogous application of section G 4 of the Public Servants Superannuation Act , as well as article 8 ( a ) of the Pensions and Savings Funds Act . On 29 November 1999 , following instructions by the Minister of the Interior who considered that the absence of a right to a special widow 's pension was no longer in keeping with the prevailing attitudes in society , the SAIP granted her a special widow 's pension with effect from 1 January 1999 , pursuant to article 31 PRNG . The author challenged this decision , insofar as it denied her a pension for the period between 26 March 1991 and 31 December 1998 .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	56	C. The theft and completion of a genuine blank passport document They are then stored at the Banque du Liban in a special safe and the requisite number is removed once a month , or as necessary , by the Directorate-General for Public Security ( the Lebanese Passport Office , which is in turn responsible for keeping the passports safely under lock and key where they are inaccessible to anyone other than the competent authority responsible for their due issuance ) . D. Malfeasance of passport authority employees in the issuance of passports
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	62	The goal of the programme is to train and qualify the Department of Peacekeeping Operations senior mission support staff to a pre-subscribed level of competence in administrative support functions and to pre-qualify staff for higher-level appointments in the functions of Integrated Support Services , Administrative Services and Administration prior to seeking clearance by the Department of Management . That focus is in keeping with the continuing strong emphasis on accountability in the exercise of fiduciary responsibilities and resource management , and the Secretary-General 's commitment that “ Career development should be fostered through targeted training , mandatory requirements for advancement and diverse career paths ” ( A/60/692 ) . The SMART programme will foster leadership skills and nurture career development through a systematic progression of training modules that will include mandatory requirements for advancement to successive levels .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	23	Hungary has actively participated in the Agency 's safeguards support programme since 1991 and remains committed to continue to do so . Hungary keeps offering its facilities , equipment and experts for training courses for safeguards inspectors . As a new task related to the Additional Protocol , Hungary is providing services in the collection of open sources information as well .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	12	And she would wink and throw kisses . They both tried to keep smiling and winking for a long time , but it made their lips and eyelids tremble . But they kept on clapping for a long , long time .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	11	The General Assembly welcomed the proposal . The question should be kept under review to determine whether the implementation of new measures , in particular the ombudsman mechanism , have been effective in addressing staff complaints and have reduced the demands placed on GLD . Institutional matters and enhancing central legal services
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	48	The intermediate level of $ 5 , 875 , 000 was endorsed by the Intergovernmental Review Meeting at its first session , which at that time was regarded as an adequate level for the UNEP Global Programme of Action Coordination Office to fulfil its catalytic function . In keeping with the intermediate budget recommended by the Intergovernmental Review Meeting at its first session , the contributions from bilateral donors , over and above the UNEP Environment Fund contributions to the UNEP Global Programme of Action Coordination Office , steadily increased from 22 per cent to 67 per cent of the total UNEP Global Programme of Action Coordination office budget in the period 2002-2006 . The generous support received over the last years from the Governments of Australia , Belgium , the Flemish Region of Belgium , France , Iceland , Ireland , Italy , the Netherlands , Norway , the United States of America , the European Union and from GEF is gratefully acknowledged .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	63	Reaffirms the terms of reference and main functions of the Committee on Conferences as formulated in section I , paragraph 1 , of resolution 41/213 and in resolution 43/222 B ; Welcomes the improved participation of observers in the work of the Committee on Conferences , the changes in the procedure governing the participation of observers and the decision of the Committee to keep this procedure under review ; Requests the Secretary-General to submit a report to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session on the mechanisms available for addressing the concerns of Member States about the efficiency , quality and delivery of conference services , including information about the way in which the concerns of Member States are recorded and reported , and on the grouping of these issues in reports to the General Assembly ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	81	The Directive Principles of State Policy as set out in Chapter VI of the Constitution provide that the legislature and the executive should be guided by the objectives of promotion of the social and economic welfare of the people by securing an adequate standard of living , including adequate food , clothing and housing , the continuous improvement of living conditions and the full enjoyment of leisure and social and cultural opportunities , in the governance in Sri Lanka . In keeping with the provisions of the ICESCR , Sri Lanka has consistently applied and implemented social policies aimed at poverty eradication , universal access to health and education services and social welfare programmes , which have given Sri Lanka an enviable record in human development . The effective progressive realization of these rights is also dependant on positive international cooperation and technical assistance .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	16	Are you experimenting with different selling slants in developing new customers ? Some distribution costs are kept up by competitive pressure , some by the fact that the customers have come to expect certain niceties and flourishes . No manufacturer has taken the initiative in pointing out the costs involved .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	90	Mr. FRANGIEH ( Lebanon ) said he would prefer the two paragraphs to be kept separate ; however , if they were to be combined , a solution might be to use the wording of the fifth preambular paragraph and add the words “ and that the Secretariat take into consideration the conclusions of the report on the assessment/evaluation of UNIDO 's field representation ” , using language taken from paragraph ( d ) of decision IDB.28/Dec.2 . Ms. LAVERY ( United Kingdom ) thought that the paragraphs should be kept separate , as they covered two separate points . Ms. WANG Ying ( China ) said that the two paragraphs referred to decision IDB.28/Dec.2 from two different angles and that to merge them would detract from their focus .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	48	It states that these losses were comprised of KWD 38 , 024 in cash that was looted from a safe in the Agency Branch 's offices and KWD 1 , 164 in postage that was looted from a postage machine at that same location . KOTC states it kept a large amount of cash in its safe because of “ the various currency requirements of the captains of Kuwait ships while out of port and also to handle the service requirements of ships in the Port of Kuwait ” . In support of its claim for stolen cash , KOTC submitted a copy of its trial balance as at 30 June 1990 , which recorded cash on hand in the amount claimed KOTC also submitted copies of its cash book for Kuwait dinars and foreign currencies .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	72	On 9 October , in informal consultations with the Secretary-General and with representatives of the Department of Political Affairs in attendance , the Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and Emergency Relief Coordinator , Kenzo Oshima , briefed Council members about the humanitarian , political and military situation . Under-Secretary-General Oshima described his visit to the region the previous week , during which he had urged Pakistan and the Islamic Republic of Iran to keep their borders open to allow those in need to get across . The United Nations was maintaining its twin-track approach of providing help to vulnerable people inside Afghanistan , while improving conditions for those who had already become refugees in sorely-pressed neighbouring States .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	43	Corrective steps need to be taken , from the outset of any refugee movements into neighbouring countries , so as to ensure enforcement of international and OAU conventions regarding the settling of refugees far enough from the border for their security . In keeping with those conventions , it is imperative and urgent that the Sierra Leonean refugees , currently in the “ parrot 's beak ” area of Guinea , continue to be moved to safer areas . In transferring the refugees , effective measures should be taken to ensure that militia groups or armed elements do not infiltrate their ranks and to prevent the enlistment of refugees by militias within the camps .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	61	This new millennium provides us with a convenient opportunity to emphasize once again the United Nations purposes and principles , particularly the principles of justice and the rule of law in the field of international relations . To resort to the International Court of Justice is a legitimate course whenever a situation may endanger international peace and security and , in keeping with Article 33 of the Charter , it also constitutes civilized behaviour that encourages respect for the Charter , enhancing the role of the Organization in settling disputes in a just and peaceful manner . The settlement of international disputes is not completed by simply resorting to international adjudication or to the International Court of Justice .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	45	In addition to describing steps to provide the general protection against acts prohibited under article 7 to which anyone is entitled , the State party should provide detailed information on safeguards for the special protection of particularly vulnerable persons . It should be noted that keeping under systematic review interrogation rules , instructions , methods and practices as well as arrangements for the custody and treatment of persons subjected to any form of arrest , detention or imprisonment is an effective means of preventing cases of torture and ill-treatment . To guarantee the effective protection of detained persons , provisions should be made for detainees to be held in places officially recognized as places of detention and for their names and places of detention , as well as for the names of persons responsible for their detention , to be kept in registers readily available and accessible to those concerned , including relatives and friends .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	81	On the question of the final form of the draft articles , some speakers advocated the adoption of an international convention on State responsibility , alongside such major codification projects as the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties , the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea and the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court . The view was expressed that a convention would have greater regulatory force and legal certainty , and would be more in keeping with the Commission 's mandate to develop normative instruments rather than indicative guidelines . Only a binding instrument could offer the guarantees and certainty necessary to enable injured States to obtain reparation .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	46	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of programmes of assistance to the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations decisions relating to decolonization , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly ,
keep%2:40:09::	keep.v	70	The projects are focused on withdrawing children from the most hazardous forms of labour , preventing their exploitation , combating debt bondage through support to income-generating activities for families , and access to formal or non-formal education . The observer for Canada provided details of the Aboriginal Human Resources Development Strategy which had a five-year budget of $ 1.6 billion to assist Aboriginal people to prepare for , find and keep jobs . The funds were managed by provincial/regional Metis , Inuit and First Nations organizations to reflect priorities set by these groups .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	73	The view that automatic admission be provided as an exception for claims registered in a public registry was not supported , nor was the suggestion that a distinction be drawn depending upon whether the claim could be immediately executed or not . A further concern was that it would be inappropriate to rely on accounting records for the purposes of admission of claims , since it was unlikely that those records would be kept in a proper manner , at least as far as those of the debtor were concerned . It was observed that the reference to accounting records might also include those of the creditor and that they might be used for evidentiary purposes pursuant to the general rules on evidence , provided that admission would always be conditional upon approval by the insolvency representative .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	33	The members of the Fifth Committee were therefore requested to complete the annual survey on conference management . In addition , delegations were invited to transmit their views by filling in feedback forms kept by the meetings servicing assistants in all conference rooms . The information thus obtained would enable the Department to provide even better service .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	51	The Special Rapporteur agreed that it was necessary to define the compulsion that the conduct of a State must involve in order for it to be qualified as “ expulsion ” . With regard to the concepts of “ territory ” and “ frontier ” , the Special Rapporteur insisted on keeping the proposed definitions . The definition of “ territory ” corresponded to the unanimously accepted one , which included , in particular , internal waters and the territorial sea .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	56	We urge restraint on all sides and condemn all forms of terrorism . At the same time , we call upon Israel , as the occupying Power , to desist from using extremist acts as a pretext to deny the legitimate aspirations of the Palestinian people , and to honour its obligations to peace , in keeping with relevant United Nations resolutions . Notwithstanding the despair that has prevailed over much of the past year , it is still possible to discern an occasional glimmer of hope that leads us to the belief that the Palestinian problem , like seemingly intractable problems elsewhere , can be resolved .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	57	As the fortieth anniversary of the Outer Space Treaty approaches in 2007 , we would urge Member States to work towards its universalization and hope the Department for Disarmament Affairs will also lend its support , as possible , in this regard . We all have a stake in examining together present and future threats and to keep outer space peaceful for all humankind . We were pleased , therefore , that there was a positive atmosphere and constructive momentum this year in the Conference on Disarmament , which included taking forward the discussions on the prevention of an arms race in outer space .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	60	The criminalization of the use of such weapons is a necessary step in order to create a climate which will facilitate the complete prohibition of nuclear weapons , as has been done with other weapons of mass destruction . This will happen only in a multilateral framework which will make it possible to offer negotiated permanent solutions , and in keeping with a conception of collective security which seeks to make international peace and security a reality in the context of the rule of law , and to consolidate a system that will put an end to confrontation and enhance mutual respect , common interests , trust and solidarity . The PRESIDENT ( translated from French ) : I thank the representative of Algeria for his statement and the kind words addressed to the Chair .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	44	Invites voluntary contributions to the Transitional Administration in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-fourth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Transitional Administration in East Timor ” . United Nations Conference on Trade and Development
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	45	From 2006 on , the amount set apart for supporting the already existing institutions ( HUF 380 million/year ) is presented in the budgetary chapter of Parliament and gets integrated in the support of the national minority self-governments . The old system of applications was kept for supporting the foundation or the takeover of new institutions . For this purpose , HUF 107 million and HUF 70 million have been put at the disposal of the competent governmental organ in 2006 and 2007 respectively .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	82	The Special Rapporteur expresses concern that , more than two years after the issuance of the warrants of arrest , none of the five suspects have been detained or surrendered to the Court . On 29 June 2007 , the Government of Uganda and LRA signed the third phase of a peace agreement , pursuant to which they agreed to establish a commission to investigate the potential war crimes allegedly committed by both sides and to adopt of a procedure , in keeping with tribal customs , to deal with rebels accused of war crimes . However , as a prerequisite for the signature of a comprehensive peace agreement , the senior leaders of LRA have called on the Government of Uganda to ask the International Criminal Court to withdraw the arrest warrants it had issued .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	30	Article 21 of the Regulations stipulates that a refugee may be extradited solely in accordance with the provisions of international treaties duly ratified by Guatemala . This provision is in keeping with article 27 of the Constitution , which indicates that extradition is governed by the provisions of international treaties . Article 27 of the Constitution , again , specifies that Guatemalan citizens are not to be extradited for political offences , and are under no circumstances to be handed over to a foreign government , unless such action is required by international treaties and conventions in connection with crimes against humanity or violations of international law .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	42	Since then I have submitted yearly reports following efforts to end the wars that plagued the region in the 1980s and the successes and efforts of the peoples of the isthmus to build pacific and equitable societies . In those endeavours to keep , make and build the peace , Central America has been accompanied actively since 1989 by the United Nations . In that year the region 's leaders requested the Organization to verify an agreement they had reached two years earlier at Esquipulas .
keep%2:40:09::	keep.v	57	The Employment and Enterprise Development Unit of the Ministry of Labour assists job seekers to find employment and employers to recruit the person they need for employment . Services offered to job seekers are : training in job preparedness ; identifying your skills ; setting employment goals ; résumé and cover letter ; sitting an interview ; keeping your job ; managing your money ; and customer service . Through the Technical Vocational Education and Training project , the Government expects to improve women 's labour force participation in non-traditional areas such as the technology and manufacturing industries , where there has been an increase in the demand for labourers .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	41	Requests the Administrator to establish risk guidelines with respect to the proposed changes in paragraph 2 ( a ) and ( b ) above , as well as an independent expert assessment of these changes ; Further requests the Administrator to keep the financial regulations under active review and to consult accordingly with the Executive Board . 28 January 2005
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	63	In his seminal Millennium Assembly report entitled “ We the peoples ” , Secretary-General Kofi Annan drew a vivid analogy of our world as a global village . If we use this analogy of the global village , we can see the Security Council 's role as akin to that of a magistracy that has been entrusted and authorized by the village to keep the peace . But this magistracy has a two-tier structure .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	59	The delegation of Madagascar is aware that Security Council reform is a lengthy and difficult exercise . But we hope that we will be able at this session of the General Assembly to make decisive progress on pending issues thanks to our determination to address this sensitive matter with constructive , realistic ideas and with fresh political will in keeping with the spirit of the new millennium . Mr. Erdös ( Hungary ) : My delegation welcomes the discussion on this agenda item in a plenary meeting of the General Assembly .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	45	More recently , a proposal for a meeting between the Minister for Relations U Aung Kyi and Daw Aung San Suu Kyi was made by the authorities through her attorney . The Government , in accordance with its policy of national reconciliation , continues to keep the door open for a dialogue with her . V. Combating illegal narcotic drugs
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	26	How could they face the policies of closure , siege , starvation and collective punishment ? Are the inhumane acts perpetrated by the occupation forces in keeping with the provisions of the Fourth Geneva Convention as they apply to occupied areas ? After all that we have seen , heard and read in newspapers , on radio and on television , can we still wonder why the Palestinians have descended into such hopelessness and despair ?
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	76	Ms. Trajkovik ( The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia ) said that , in 2004 , Parliament had amended the Law on Family and had changed the conception of family violence and victims of family violence to encompass physical injury or emotional or sexual abuse or exploitation of any member of a family , regardless of gender and age . Since the amendment to the Law had criminalized family violence , the police service had begun keeping precise statistics on such incidents . Furthermore , family relationship was seen as an aggravating circumstance in crimes involving sexual abuse .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	54	Mr. ALAMBO ALARO ( Ethiopia ) said that the African Group endorsed the draft resolution proposed by GRULAC , but sought would like clarification as to its financial implications . ELAMIN ( ? ? ? ) ( Sudan ) said that the draft resolution proposed by GRULAC was very realistic and and was in keeping with reflected the aspirations of the countries concerned . His delegation fully supported the draft resolutionit and hoped that UNIDO would have find the additional resources needed to for its implementation it
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	31	Draft article 83 The proposal was made to delete the phrase “ against the carrier ” in the chapeau of paragraph 2 , since it was thought to be more in keeping with the nature of arbitration if a claim could be asserted by either party to the dispute . Support was expressed for this proposal .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	43	However , the Penal Code 's definition of terrorism was deemed unsuitable by the members of the National Counter-Terrorism Committee , particularly in the light of the phenomenon 's recent evolution . As to international law , the Republic of Djibouti , in keeping with its sovereignty , must ratify all supranational provisions on counter-terrorism . It has already participated , in October 2001 , in the drafting and adoption of the Dakar Declaration against Terrorism .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	44	These fatalities are dramatic evidence of `` halfway evangelism '' , a failure to follow through . A program of Lay Visitation Evangelism can end in dismal defeat with half the new members drifting away unless practical plans and strenuous efforts are made to keep them in the active fellowship . The work of Lay Visitation Evangelism is not completed when all of the persons on the Responsibility List have been interviewed .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	34	These documents appear to have been transmitted by the Chairman of the Commission of Inquiry to the Union des forces de changement . This action shows that the Commission 's procedure is developing in keeping with the adversarial principle . The Government notes , however , that this procedure is one-sided .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	44	Additionally , the Special Committee took into consideration the relevant documents of other intergovernmental bodies concerned , to which reference is made in the last preambular paragraph of resolution A/AC.109/2000/27 adopted on 17 July 2000 . In 1994 , the Special Committee , in keeping with its consistent goal of limiting documentation and streamlining its report to the General Assembly , recommended to the Assembly that , in preparing the general working papers on the Territories , the Secretariat should , where applicable , incorporate under separate headings those sections relating to economic and other activities which affect the interests of the people of the Non-Self-Governing Territories and those on military activities and arrangements in those Territories . By adopting resolution 49/89 of 16 December 1994 , the Assembly approved , inter alia , that recommendation .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	28	The CD has the potential to be part of the action in this goal . The United States will continue to support the initiatives in the CD and keep hope that substantive work will soon end this hiatus , but we will also continue to participate in cooperative efforts elsewhere to advance common goals and strengthen international peace and security . The PRESIDENT : I thank the distinguished Ambassador of the United States of America for her statement and also for the encouraging remarks addressed to the Chair .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-ninth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Stabilization Mission in Haiti ” . Tenth emergency special session
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	37	In particular , they are an opportunity for Haiti to leave behind the violence and political instability of the past . The Haitian authorities must now work to promote reconciliation and an inclusive political process , in keeping with the wishes of the overwhelming majority of the population . I should like to commend the role played by the Special Representative of the Secretary-General , Mr. Valdés , and by the United Nations Stabilization Mission in Haiti ( MINUSTAH ) in that success .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	100	By stating that the framework confers to Morocco attributes of sovereignty over the Territory ( by not allowing any secessionist movements ) during the first five years , the memorandum fails to see that the framework agreement is not seeking to address the question of independence for Western Sahara but rather that of an autonomous entity under Moroccan administration , for a limited period of time . The prerogatives and powers listed as belonging to the national Government are those usually held by the central government in all cases of devolution of authority , which are genuine , substantive and keeping with international norms . As for the fact that some of the provisions of the framework agreement lack detail , this is not unusual , considering the nature of the document .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	51	There was nothing surprising about that because successive administrations over several decades have organized , financed and carried out numerous terrorist acts against Cuba using such mercenaries . “ These new instances of mercenarism linked to terrorism are a further demonstration of how important it is for the international community to keep mobilized in the fight against such practices in all their forms and manifestations , given their direct impact on the enjoyment of all human rights , in particular the right of peoples to self-determination ” . By the time the communication was received from the Government of Cuba , the Special Rapporteur had finished the preparation of this report .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	58	Recalls the endorsement of the report of the Forum Ministerial Committee on New Caledonia by leaders of the Pacific Islands Forum at its 36th Summit , held in Papua New Guinea in October 2005 , and the continuing role of the Forum Ministerial Committee in monitoring developments in the Territory and encouraging closer regional engagements ; Decides to keep under continuous review the process unfolding in New Caledonia as a result of the signing of the Nouméa Accord ; Requests the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples to continue the examination of the question of the Non-Self-Governing Territory of New Caledonia and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its sixty-fourth session .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	17	Introduction In its resolution 56/237 of 24 December 2001 , the General Assembly reiterated its decision to keep the implementation of the Development Account under review , and requested the Secretary-General to submit a report on the subject . The present report has been prepared in response to the aforementioned resolution and in the light of the recommendation by the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions reflected in its reports , which requested further information on the progress made in the Development Account in the context of the presentation of the proposed programme budget .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	47	The increased threat within the East Asian region , in particular with respect to the Taiwan straits , has been brought to the attention of our institution by Member States . Unfortunately , there is , as of now , no regional or international mechanism capable of keeping the threat in check . In that regard , Solomon Islands supports the proposal contained in the report that the General Assembly debate such threats .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	65	The vision of Mr. Sharon , clearly , is the imposition of a number of walled and separate Palestinian bantustans confining the whole Palestinian people into less than half of the West Bank and slightly more than half of the Gaza Strip . The Palestinians could find a way to connect these bantustans and call them a Palestinian State if they wish , while Israel keeps the rest of the Palestinian territory and continues its colonization and gradual annexation . We can add to all that the rejection of dividing Jerusalem between the two sides and the rejection of any rights of Palestinian refugees .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	78	Meanwhile , the former combatants that have yet to participate in reintegration projects , particularly those from the Civil Defence Force ( CDF ) , still represent a serious security challenge . CDF officials in the southern province recently disclosed to UNAMSIL that , although the force 's combatants had disarmed , they were keeping some 19 of their battalions ( approximately 10 , 200 personnel ) and their command structures intact , and that CDF intended to keep these structures intact until the ex-combatants received their reintegration benefits . However , as decided during the Consultative Group meeting held in Paris on 13 and 14 November 2002 the Government has undertaken to disband all CDF structures by January 2003 .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	46	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of programmes of assistance for the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations decisions relating to decolonization , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly ,
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	37	Second , the attitude in Jewish families is far more protective toward the daughter than toward the son . Most Jewish mothers are determined to exercise vigilance over the social and sexual lives of their daughters by keeping them home . The consequence of this is that the girls at Brooklyn College outnumber the boys and do somewhat better academically .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	30	Those who have Ecuadorian citizenship at the time this Constitution is adopted shall continue to enjoy it . Ecuadorians by birth who are or were naturalized in another country may keep their Ecuadorian citizenship . The State shall endeavour to protect Ecuadorians abroad .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	34	It urged Parties to come forward with offers to host COP 13 and COP/MOP 3 , so that an appropriate decision could be adopted at COP 12 . It also noted that , in keeping with the rotation among regional groups , the President of COP 13 would come from the Asian Group . The SBI recommended the dates of 6-17 June and 28 November to 9 December for the sessional periods in 2011 for adoption by the COP at its twelfth session .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	88	The Chief Communications and Information Technology Services would be supported by 2 General Service staff who are included in the present structure under the present Communications and Information Technology Office . It is proposed that the remaining 33 General Service posts in the present Communications and Information Technology Office be moved to the three other proposed new units — 7 posts to the Network Systems Section , 3 to the Systems Support Section and 23 to the Integrated Maintenance , Campus Support and Asset Management Unit — and keep the functions of the posts as they are at the present . Except for the P-5 posts of Chief Communications and Information Technology Services and the 2 General Service staff , no other posts in the present Communications and Information Technology Office would move to the proposed Office of the Chief Communications and Information Technology .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	45	Additionally , the Special Committee took into consideration the relevant documents of other intergovernmental bodies concerned , to which reference is made in the last preambular paragraph of resolution A/AC.109/2002/28 , adopted on 26 June 2002 . In 1994 , the Special Committee , in keeping with its consistent goal of limiting documentation and streamlining its report to the General Assembly , recommended to the Assembly that , in preparing the general working papers on the Territories , the Secretariat should , where applicable , incorporate under separate headings those sections relating to economic and other activities which affect the interests of the people of the Non-Self-Governing Territories and those on military activities and arrangements in those Territories . By adopting resolution 49/89 of 16 December 1994 , the Assembly approved , inter alia , that recommendation .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	36	Advertisers are changing their attitudes , both as to the significance of this market and the ways of speaking to it . Stations programing to Negro listeners are having to upgrade their shows in order to keep pace with rising educational , economic , and cultural levels . Futhermore , the station which wants real prestige must lead or participate in community improvement projects , not simply serve on the air .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	84	Since a lease is a contract of continuing performance ( the lessee has continuing possession and use while the lessor has a continuing right to payment of the rent ) , under most legal systems , the lease contract will be terminated for the future only . This result means that the lessee will lose the right to purchase the assets at the end of the lease ( or to automatically acquire ownership if the contract so provides ) , that the lessor will keep the full rental payments received and that the lessee will be obliged to return the assets to the lessor . Subject to any contrary provision in the lease agreement , however , the financial lessor will not be able to claim damages for the normal depreciation of the assets .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	44	Colombia believes in the relations between this Council and the General Assembly , particularly regarding this topic to which the Members of the United Nations attach so much importance . We , of course , agree that it is important to move forward in keeping with the dates and the programme that have been described here . I would also like to say that we have made a genuine effort here in favour of transparency of the Council 's work .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	29	The meetings of the Bureau are open to all the members of the Special Committee . The Special Committee has increasingly relied upon informal consultations , thus striving to keep the number of its formal meetings to a minimum . The Chair recommends to the Special Committee that it continue to use informal meetings to the maximum extent possible .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	62	Requests the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session a report on the implementation of the present resolution , and also requests the Secretary-General , upon the completion of the work of the ad hoc committee referred to above , to submit recommendations on options for further consideration by the General Assembly of this question ; Decides to keep the matter under review and to include in the provisional agenda of its fifty-seventh session a sub-item entitled “ Preventing and combating corrupt practices and transfer of funds of illicit origin and returning such funds to the countries of origin ” under the item entitled “ Sectoral policy questions ” . Draft resolution III Second Industrial Development Decade for Africa ( 1993-2002 )
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	37	( iv ) The Russian Federation attaches great importance to efforts to create a mechanism to ensure that evolving arms systems comply with IHL . In order that the features of new types of weapon are in keeping with international treaties , it is planned to set up a special commission whose tasks will include that of evaluating currently used weapons systems and those being developed from the viewpoint of humanitarian law . Letter dated 23 May 2005 from the Permanent Representative of South Africa to the United Nations addressed to the President of the Security Council
keep%2:40:09::	keep.v	64	In 2006 , BC passed legislation to provide compassionate care leave protection to assist women in retaining standard employment , since they are often called upon to provide care for a dying family member . The BC Government invests more than $ 70 million a year on a variety of employment programs to fight poverty and assist employable social assistance recipients to find and keep good jobs . The Bridging Employment Program ( BEP ) , introduced in September 2003 , assists survivors of violence and abuse to address employment barriers that prevent them from leaving social assistance for sustainable employment .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	34	My delegation warmly welcomes the Secretary-General 's report and generally finds favour with the thrust of the points presented in it . We believe that a Register of Damage must immediately be established in keeping with the Court 's findings , as articulated in paragraphs 152 and 153 of the advisory opinion . And we also feel that it is important that our position be well understood .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	22	Recommendations In view of the foregoing , the Economic and Social Council may wish to consider whether it should continue to be kept regularly informed of progress achieved in the elaboration of a long-term programme of support to Haiti or decide to subordinate its consideration of the matter to positive developments in the political situation of the country . Notes
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	88	( 6 ) The Committee continues to be concerned , on the one hand , about the maximum length of time detainees may be held in solitary confinement , i.e. six months , and the lack of information on the conditions in which such treatment is applied and , on the other hand , by the holding of detainees incommunicado , even though this has happened only once in 12 years . The State party should ensure that practices with regard to the treatment of detainees are in keeping with articles 7 , 9 and 10 of the Covenant . In this connection , the State party should adopt legislation regulating and limiting incommunicado detention with the long-term objective of eliminating it completely , particularly during pre-trial detention .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	32	Currently , the number of reports awaiting review stands at over 80 , and the average delay between submission and consideration is close to three years . The Committee has continued to keep its working methods under review and seeks to consider 10 reports at each session . The decision of the Committee , adopted at its thirty-seventh session in 2004 , to work in two chambers was implemented in 2006 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	42	A leap of faith was needed to unleash labour mobility and integration while devising pragmatic trade and development strategies . The best antidote for illegal migration and its attendant problems was to liberalize and facilitate the temporary movement of workers , in keeping with modes 1 and 4 commitments under the General Agreement on Trade in Services and regional and bilateral agreements . Special care was needed to ensure that sending countries reaped not only socio-economic benefits from remittances and diaspora networks , but also net “ brain gain ” through cooperative arrangements with receiving developed countries .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Force in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-ninth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus ” . INTERNATIONAL LAW COMMISSION Fifty-seventh session Geneva , 2 May-3 June and 11 July-5 August 2005
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	93	Noting regional efforts to prevent , combat and eliminate terrorism in all its forms and manifestations , wherever and by whomsoever committed , including through the elaboration of and adherence to regional conventions , Recalling its decision in resolutions 54/110 of 9 December 1999 , 55/158 of 12 December 2000 , 56/88 of 12 December 2001 , 57/27 of 19 November 2002 , 58/81 of 9 December 2003 and 59/46 of 2 December 2004 that the Ad Hoc Committee established by General Assembly resolution 51/210 of 17 December 1996 should address , and keep on its agenda , the question of convening a high-level conference under the auspices of the United Nations to formulate a joint organized response of the international community to terrorism in all its forms and manifestations , Aware of its resolutions 57/219 of 18 December 2002 , 58/187 of 22 December 2003 and 59/191 of 20 December 2004 ,
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	62	The Special Rapporteur reiterates his recommendations that the international community should define and adopt a baseline of commonly accepted rules and principles of conduct and behaviour towards religious extremism and that a study on religious extremism should be conducted within the framework of the Subcommission on the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights . Concerning women , the Special Rapporteur , in keeping with the resolutions of the Commission on Human Rights , including resolution 2000/33 stressing the need for a gender perspective to be applied and for gender-specific abuses to be identified , once again this year tried to devote particular attention to policies and practices which are discriminatory and generally detrimental to women . He sent communications to States and looked into the situation of women as it relates to religion and belief when making in situ visits .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	17	Suggested amendments : ( 1 ) In the first sentence , delete the words “ and in keeping with rule 39 of its provisional rules of procedure ” . ( 2 ) In the first sentence , insert the words “ members of the ” before the words “ Security Council ” .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	9	Fight against impunity . The Government should continue to keep the protection and promotion of human rights high on its agenda and investigate human rights violations and bring perpetrators to justice . The protection of victims and witnesses against retaliation should also be a priority .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	44	Mr. Mekdad ( Syrian Arab Republic ) , speaking in exercise of the right of reply , said that the Syrian Arab Republic had opened the door to peace and had negotiated with Israel for 10 years . Israel , however , wanted to keep the occupied territories and had not changed its decision about annexing them . Israel 's allegations were pure propaganda and were meant to mislead Committee members .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	38	Ms. Elayeb ( Libyan Arab Jamahiriya ) said that a man who committed rape or adultery was not required by law to marry the woman in question . However , law enforcement officials and the courts , in keeping with accepted social practice , could force him to do so , even when the sexual relationship had been consensual . Men and women caught committing adultery frequently requested the courts to marry them , either because they had planned to marry all along or to avoid being convicted .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	9	Sound recordings of meetings The Secretariat shall make and keep sound recordings of plenary meetings and of meetings of any subsidiary bodies when so decided . Rule 31
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	36	It 's a good use of money . These women whose organization grew out of the old suffrage movement are dedicated to Thomas Jefferson 's dictum that one must cherish the people 's spirit but `` Keep alive their attention '' . `` If once they become inattentive to the public affairs '' , Jefferson said , `` you and I , and Congress and assemblies , judges and governors , shall all become wolves '' .
keep%2:40:09::	keep.v	69	The Tribunal decided in judgements 1713 and 1915 on the decision of the Commission to phase out the language factor in Rome and Vienna , respectively . At its fifty-first session , the Commission considered the judgements of the ILO Tribunal and noted that , according to those judgements , the manner of applying the Flemming principle did not turn on variables such as the desire of staff to keep their jobs or the ease or difficulty of finding good local recruits . What the Flemming principle envisaged was that General Service staff should have pay and other terms of employment that matched “ the best on offer at the local duty station ” .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	60	We are currently witnessing the clearest example of this , as deliberations on items of such vital importance as international peace and security are being discussed far from the Council Chamber and exclusively by the permanent members , sidetracking the other members of that body and all the States Members of the United Nations . This attitude is not in keeping with the spirit of the times or the principles and purposes of the Charter . The Security Council acts under the Charter on behalf of the United Nations and the United Nations is all of its Member States .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	55	Welcomes , in this regard , the accession by New Caledonia to the status of observer in the Pacific Islands Forum , continuing high-level visits to New Caledonia by delegations from countries of the Pacific region and high-level visits by delegations from New Caledonia to countries members of the Pacific Islands Forum ; Decides to keep under continuous review the process unfolding in New Caledonia as a result of the signing of the Nouméa Accord ; Requests the Special Committee to continue the examination of the question of the Non-Self-Governing Territory of New Caledonia and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	39	It was agreed that leadership was an essential requirement if the rights of children were to be fully realized . With regard to the unfinished agenda , the Deputy Executive Director noted that all partners were in agreement on keeping the promises made during the World Summit and , therefore , the relevance of the Summit goals remained undiminished . He hoped that the Preparatory Committee and the Special Session would reaffirm the need to tackle the unfinished agenda .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	57	Calls upon the Board of Trustees of the Fund to report to the Commission at its fifty-eighth session and present an updated assessment of the global need for international funding of rehabilitation services for victims of torture and of lessons and best practices learned from the activities of the Fund ; Requests the Secretary-General to continue to keep the Commission informed of the operations of the Fund on an annual basis ; Urges States parties whose arrears pre-date the provision made by the Secretary-General for funding the Committee against Torture from the regular budget to fulfil their obligations forthwith ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	66	Section 16 ( 4 ) ( c ) therefore allows discrimination ( especially against women ) within the law . It is worthy to note that members of the Human Rights Committee and a local Women 's movement ( `` Muvman Liberasyon Fam '' ) have pointed out that Section 16 ( 3 ) and Section 16 ( 4 ) ( c ) were not in keeping with the Articles of the Covenant , with respect to sex discrimination , as far back as 1989 and 1994 respectively . The task force set up in 2000 also pointed out that this part of the Constitution must be changed .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	59	Education brings together all these broad areas of activity . We will have opportunity to come back to this theme next year to build on the very important and substantive recommendations that were included in the report that this Committee had an opportunity to study and adopt last year , and we join other delegations in their call to keep the focus on this important area of strengthening disarmament and non-proliferation education . The Chairman : Is there any other delegation that wishes to take the floor at this stage ?
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	31	We must be frank in facing up to those failures if we are to learn their lessons . And we must be determined to improve the capacity of this Organization to keep the peace if we are to succeed in the future . I want to set out six tasks which we must address if we are not to repeat past failures .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	108	If , for example , the ICTY judge who came into office in February 2000 and demitted office in 2009 , he is subject to the “ standstill ” effect of article 1 ( 2 ) ( a ) of annex II , that is , his pension is frozen at two ninths of the salary , approximately $ 37 , 000.00 . This is a difference of $ 51 , 000.00 , notwithstanding that both judges have the same number of years of service , and earned the same monthly , yearly and aggregate salary over that period — again , an outcome that is not in keeping with the statutory requirement that the conditions of service of the ICTY judge be the same as those of the ICJ judge . Proposal/recommendation
keep%2:35:10::	keep.v	36	The two accused were driven to the military position where they were tied up . One of them was released earlier the same day but the second one who denied any involvement in the theft was kept overnight and severely beaten . The victim sustained serious injuries and has threatened to file a complaint for assault and battery .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	38	The Committee is concerned that proposals to introduce pre-entry English-language tests for people applying for spouse visas may discriminate against certain groups of vulnerable refugees , in particular women . The Committee calls upon the State party to keep under review and carefully monitor the impact of its laws and policies on women migrants , refugees and asylum-seekers with a view to taking remedial measures that effectively respond to the needs of those women . In this respect , the Committee urges the State party to review its “ no recourse to public funds ” policy to ensure the protection of and provision of support to victims of violence .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	30	We believe that the efforts under way should continue — efforts which will culminate in the World Summit on the Information Society . We appeal to the General Assembly to keep this item on its agenda in order to advance international cooperation and development . Mr. Stuart ( Australia ) : I wish to congratulate you , Sir , on your country 's latest triumph in the World Cup .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	36	They will have the financial resources needed for the region 's development in all fields , and will take an active part in the nation 's economic , social and cultural life . The State will keep its powers in the royal domains , especially with respect to defence , external relations and the constitutional and religious prerogatives of His Majesty the King . The Moroccan initiative , which is made in an open spirit , aims to set the stage for dialogue and a negotiation process that would lead to a mutually acceptable political solution .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	31	It is thus clear why the Albanian side has not engaged in meaningful negotiations . The negotiations have so far been conducted in such a casual manner that minutes were not kept nor were rules of procedure set until the Serbian side explicitly requested that these things be done . On 28 March this year , there was yet another incident on the same bridge in the course of which a 19-year-old man , Milisav Ilincic , was stabbed .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	44	Having considered the report of the Commission on its thirty-sixth session , Concerned that activities undertaken by other bodies in the field of international trade law without adequate coordination with the Commission might lead to undesirable duplication of efforts and would not be in keeping with the aim of promoting efficiency , consistency and coherence in the unification and harmonization of international trade law , Taking note of the proposals made by the Secretary-General in the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 with a view to strengthening the secretariat of the Commission within the bounds of the resources available in the Organization so as to enable it to deal with the increased workload arising , inter alia , from the coordination of work with other organizations and growing demands for legislative technical assistance ,
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	60	One must wonder what happened to the solemn commitments undertaken by heads of State , both at the Millennium Summit and at the 2005 World Summit , to respond to Africa 's special needs . Seven years away from 2015 , we must once again urgently appeal to the international community , in particular to the donor countries , to keep the commitments they have made in various international forums regarding official development assistance . In this respect , we have been assured that the Secretary-General will not delay in strengthening the Office of his Special Adviser on Africa .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	32	At the same time , there was a need to align assistance efforts on the ground through increased donor coordination , cooperation and coherence . The Workshop confirmed that that was in keeping with the Paris Declaration for Aid Effectiveness . Such activities could include developing shared , country-focused anti-corruption approaches and joint country assessments among development partners as a starting point .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	27	I reached over and switched off the electronic bugging device . She went in to get the hamburgers , and I switched on the device again and kept the signal from Dowling 's car coming in steady and clear until I saw her starting back with the hamburgers . Then I shut off the device again .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	42	The Special Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly that the Committee continue to be represented at seminars , meetings and conferences organized by United Nations bodies and other intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations active in the field of decolonization . In keeping with its decision of 18 February 2000 , the Committee would authorize its Chairman to hold consultations , as appropriate , concerning its participation in those meetings , as well as the level of representation , when accepting invitations . In accordance with established practice and on the basis of the principle of rotation , the Chairman would hold consultations with the Bureau members , who , in turn , would consult with the members of the Committee from their respective regional groups .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	70	First , it must be very clear to the Council that the Angolan Government is committed not only to achieving peace by all means at its disposal but also to protecting human life and human rights in Angola and to maintaining a democratic environment and a democratic Constitution . It might not be very easy for many people to understand how difficult it is to keep this balance , to keep institutions working in a democratic environment . The Council will recall that in 1992 we held elections , and they provided an environment for peace .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	44	Invites voluntary contributions to the Transitional Administration in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-fifth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Transitional Administration in East Timor ” . A/55/443 and Corr.1-3 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	54	According to UNRWA and OCHA , as of 6 August , 20 houses had been destroyed and 230 had been partially damaged , 6 wells had been damaged and 15 factories had been destroyed . Even as Israel strives to increase its security from attacks from the Gaza Strip , it must act in keeping with its international humanitarian law obligations . Israel must protect Palestinian civilians and their property by carrying out operations in a manner that is proportionate to the threat that it is trying to alleviate .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	26	That kind of approach has been set forth in the Declaration on Counter-Narcotics , adopted in Berlin by Afghanistan and its neighbours . It is in keeping with previous decisions of the Security Council . It needs to be implemented in practice with the participation of the Afghans themselves , neighbouring States , the International Security Assistance Force , coalition forces and United Nations specialized agencies .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	34	The Republic of Serbia will not accept the imposition of an outcome that fundamentally violates our legitimate national interests . So long as these attempts by some to exclude us continue , we will keep coming back to this body and to all other relevant bodies , and we will employ all legal , diplomatic and political means at our disposal to continue asserting our core sovereign rights . By the same token , I underline to the Council Serbia 's preparedness to move constructively forward .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	102	Another example of enforced measures of the NBM in this area is the approval by the Supreme Court of Justice on 5.12.01 of the enforced NBM requirements on significant interests that were not fulfilled because the named bank 's management refused to comply . Referring to the rules of keeping the banks ' documents related to their business we would like to mention that beside the general established rules by the State Archive for all enterprises , at present it is in force the official policy of the NBM of 25.10.97 on the banks ' files , which determines the terms for keeping the documents related to the identity of customers and their transactions . Thus , there are provided requirements on keeping the documents related to the credit portfolio for 5 years ; keeping the documents of founders and the money placed in the banks ' capital - on a permanent basis ; the daily documents - 3 years ; book of customers ' accounts - 5 years etc .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	34	The parties made a solemn commitment at Dayton eight years ago to cooperate with the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia ( ICTY ) and turn over indictees . The international community has kept its Dayton commitments , including the creation of the Republica Srpska . The time has come for the Republica Srpska to do its part and comply with all the requirements of Dayton and its greater obligation as part of the Euro-Atlantic community .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	50	The United Nations fact-finding mission presented in detailed manner the challenges and ways ahead for a successful political transition that is owned by the Iraqis . Beyond some unresolved questions about the structure of a sovereign Iraqi transitional administration , the mission indicated unanimity among all Iraqi political constituencies to keep the 30 June deadline for handover , in their determination to continue dialogue and consensus-building . We believe the current situation can be effectively addressed through a genuine partnership of the United Nations with the Iraqis , the Coalition Provisional Authority ( CPA ) and Iraq 's neighbours .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	3	General Decides to keep the item entitled “ Elimination of racism and racial discrimination ” on its agenda and to consider it as a matter of high priority at its fifty-sixth session . 81st plenary meeting
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	31	The Special Rapporteur pointed out that , in principle , unless the treaty provides otherwise , interpretative declarations may be formulated at any time . This was , moreover , in keeping with the definition of interpretative declarations ( draft guideline 1.2 ) , which does not contain any time element , and was the subject of draft guideline 2.4.3 ( Times at which an interpretative declaration may be formulated ) . Draft guideline 2.4.6 ( Interpretative declarations formulated when signing for which the treaty makes express provision ) and draft guideline 2.4.7 ( Interpretative declarations formulated late ) govern cases where the treaty itself contains a restrictive clause in this regard .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	101	At its fifty-third session , the General Assembly decided to review the conditions of service for the judges of the Tribunal at its fifty-sixth session ( resolution 53/214 ) . At its fifty-fifth session , the General Assembly decided to appropriate to the Special Account for the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia a total amount of $ 108 , 487 , 700 ( $ 96 , 443 , 900 net ) for 2001 , that the budget of the International Tribunal would be biennialized , on an experimental basis , for the period 2002-2003 and that the matter would be kept under review ( resolution 55/225 A ) . At its resumed fifty-fifth session , in April 2001 , the Assembly authorized the Secretary-General to enter into commitments in an amount not to exceed $ 5 , 280 , 900 to support ad litem judges for the year 2001 , and requested the Secretary-General to report thereon to the Assembly at its fifty-sixth session ( resolution 55/225 B ) .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	71	The Board noted that the Working Group had decided at its twenty-fifth session1 to examine as a matter of priority , at its twenty-sixth session , in 2001 , the issue of trafficking in persons , with the active participation of non-governmental organizations and victims of trafficking , in preparation for the proposed United Nations year against trafficking in persons . The Board also noted that the Group had decided to keep under consideration at its twenty-sixth session the question of debt bondage , the role of corruption in the perpetuation of slavery and slavery-like practices , problems affecting migrant workers , the protection of child labourers , forced labour , trafficking in human organs and issues , forced marriages , ways to combat sexual abuse of children inside the family and the urgent need for adequate help to be offered to victims of such practices . On the basis of the recommendations made by the Board , the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights approved $ 25 , 715 for 13 travel grants and $ 148 , 700 for 18 project grants , for a total amount of $ 174 , 415 .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	45	( f ) To continue to consider , on a priority basis , ways and means of improving its working methods and enhancing its efficiency with a view to identifying widely acceptable measures for future implementation ; Notes that the Special Committee decided not to keep on its agenda the topic relating to the consideration of the working paper submitted by the Russian Federation , entitled “ Fundamentals of the legal basis for United Nations peacekeeping operations in the context of Chapter VI of the Charter of the United Nations ” ; Invites the Special Committee at its session in 2009 to continue to identify new subjects for consideration in its future work with a view to contributing to the revitalization of the work of the United Nations ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	48	The bill calls for the establishment , through this organ , of a system for the control of nuclear and other related activities , providing for an authorization , inspection and sanctioning process in accordance with international recommendations on protection against ionizing radiation . This format is in keeping with the principle of independence of the regulatory control with respect to promotional activities , as required by the relevant international standards . The bill also calls for the creation of legal instruments to enable Algeria effectively to adopt measures aimed at compliance with international commitments , in particular safeguards agreements with IAEA arising from accession to the Non-Proliferation Treaty .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	20	Persons adopted as children by an Ecuadorian when they are minors . On becoming legally of age , they shall keep their Ecuadorian citizenship if they do not otherwise specify . Persons born abroad to foreign parents who are naturalized in Ecuador while they are minors .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	66	( For the full text of S/PRST/1999/32 , see appendix VI . At the informal consultations of the whole held on 3 December 1999 , the members of the Council received a briefing by the Under-Secretary-General for Political Affairs on his mission to Africa from 1 to 16 November 1999 , to discuss with key players in Burundi and in the region the measures required to keep the Burundi peace process on track and ascertain what the United Nations could do , in concert with other actors , to advance that process . At the 4091st meeting , held on 19 January 2000 in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations , the Security Council continued its consideration of the item entitled “ The situation in Burundi ” .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	29	Commission for Equality in Work and Employment The other national mechanism for gender equality , the Commission for Equality in Work and Employment was maintained despite the reform. It kept its former structure ; its tasks were adapted to the new labour regime ; and it is currently working under the direction of the Ministry for Labour and Social Solidarity , in articulation with the member of Government in charge of gender equality . Employers are required to seek the opinion of this Commission if they do not agree with the requests of reduced timetables or flexible time arrangements for women and men with small children .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	58	( c ) The prohibition of authorized companies within their national borders from making direct deliveries of internationally controlled licit drugs outside their national borders when such deliveries are made to individual persons , as opposed to being made to authorized companies in accordance with the relevant international conventions ; ( d ) The necessity for suppliers to keep records of all acquisitions and deliveries of internationally controlled licit drugs for a period of at least two years , in accordance with the relevant international conventions ; Requests the competent national authorities to increase public awareness of the risks associated with the unauthorized acquisition of internationally controlled licit drugs via the Internet , in particular with regard to the uncertain quality of the products and the disadvantage that there is no accompanying therapeutic treatment ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	31	The priorities of Turkmenistan 's foreign policy have been and remain the country 's domestic interests and the solution of its social and economic problems . That policy must be in keeping with fundamental national interests and address the most basic and urgent tasks facing the Turkmen people which are , first of all , those of maintaining sovereignty and independence , safeguarding the statehood of Turkmenistan , defending its territorial integrity and creating conditions for stability and the irreversibility of political and economic reforms . Neutral Turkmenistan 's foreign policy , which is the logical continuation of its domestic policy , is an example of the implementation of Saparmurat Turkmenbashi 's concept of the transition of a traditional Asian society to a new and democratic one .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	39	This development will have potentially serious negative implications on security in the region as well as the reliability of the global non-proliferation regime . The Ministers expressed their support for the efforts of the Arab Group in Vienna to keep the question of the Israeli Nuclear capabilities under considerations of the General Conference of the IAEA at its 53rd Session . The Ministers underscored the Movement 's principled position concerning non-use or threat of use of force against the territorial integrity of any State .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	20	Commending those countries that have recently abolished the death penalty , Welcoming the fact that many countries , while still keeping the death penalty in their penal legislation , are applying a moratorium on executions , Referring to the report of the Special Rapporteur on extrajudicial , summary or arbitrary executions ( E/CN.4/2000/3 ) , with respect to the Safeguards guaranteeing protection of the rights of those facing the death penalty , set out in the annex to Economic and Social Council resolution 1984/50 ,
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	17	Suggested improvements to the present practice : On the initiative of one of its members and in keeping with rule 39 of its provisional rules of procedure , the Security Council could resort , as appropriate , to the Arria formula to hear views and obtain or exchange information with personalities , organizations , institutions or whomever it considers pertinent , involved in a conflict . At no time will the Security Council receive representatives of Governments of United Nations Member States under this mechanism. The level of representation of the Security Council members should be commensurate with that of those invited .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	35	When done through lawyers , there is no check on the origins of a child and no follow-up or monitoring of the procedure . The adoption may well be legal in that it is in keeping with the law , but it may be accompanied by irregularities . The lawyers take advantage of “ voluntary jurisdiction ” whereby it is not necessary for the judge to be involved in the adoption procedure .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	47	It has been delimiting boundaries , setting up tribunals , imposing reparations and making laws . It is worth remembering that in the Namibia case , one of the judges of the International Court of Justice said clearly that the Security Council was set up simply to keep the peace , not to change the world order , and not to do things which are better left to a peace treaty or a peace settlement . It is quite clear to us that if the Charter can be flouted , no individual country can really do much about it because if it is under sanctions and it chooses to regard the sanctions as illegal , it would merely have more sanctions imposed on it .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	87	In the case of mixed marriages , the husband 's religious law prevailed : if a Sunni man married a Christian or a Shia , the Sunni rules would apply ; a Muslim woman had to convert if she wanted to marry a Maronite Christian . The alternative would be for such couples to marry abroad , at which point the legal reference points would be the Lebanese Civil Code and the personal status code of the country in which the marriage had taken place , in keeping with the principles of international private law . When Lebanon had adopted that solution , it had not considered its sovereignty undermined , because the foreign law did not replace the Lebanese Civil Code , but only the personal status codes applied in Lebanon by the sects to which the spouses belonged .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	110	The Committee reiterates its recommendation that the federal , provincial and territorial governments address homelessness and inadequate housing as a national emergency by reinstating or increasing , where necessary , social housing programmes for those in need , improving and properly enforcing anti-discrimination legislation in the field of housing , increasing shelter allowances and social assistance rates to realistic levels , and providing adequate support services for persons with disabilities . The Committee urges the State party to implement a national strategy for the reduction of homelessness that includes measurable goals and timetables , consultation and collaboration with affected communities , complaints procedures , and transparent accountability mechanisms , in keeping with Covenant standards . The Committee strongly recommends that , before forced evictions are carried out , the State party take appropriate measures , legislative or otherwise , to ensure that those affected by forced evictions are provided with alternative accommodation and thus do not face homelessness , in line with the Committee 's general comment No. 7 ( 1997 ) .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	45	She asked the delegation to confirm whether or not such a law existed and provide information about how it was applied . Ms. Kapalata , noting the continued existence of legislation that could discriminate against women , asked that the Government of Trinidad and Tobago keep the Committee informed of its progress in repealing the remaining outdated legislation . Ms. Saiga , noting that the Equal Opportunity Act had been adopted but was not yet in force , asked for more information on the content and current status of the Act .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	65	Encourages Member States , when seeking additional information , to request that they be provided with the information either orally or , if in writing , in the form of information sheets , annexes , tables and the like , and encourages the wider use of this practice ; Requests the Secretary-General to ensure that documentation and reports are issued well in advance , in keeping with the six-week rule for the issuance of documentation simultaneously in all official languages , as set out in resolution 49/221 of 23 December 1994 and in resolution 59/309 of 22 June 2005 on multilingualism ; Also requests the Secretary-General to submit a status report to the General Assembly at its sixtieth session on the implementation of all resolutions regarding the revitalization of its work , including resolutions 58/126 of 19 December 2003 , 58/316 and the present resolution .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	101	The Rights of the Child Act plays a significant role in that regard , setting out the rights and freedoms of children in the country , the basic principles of public policy on children , and the objectives of State bodies and other entities or persons with respect to child protection in accordance with the Constitution , the Convention on the Rights of the Child and other international legal standards . It provides that public policy on children is designed to ensure the growth and development of each child under appropriate material and domestic circumstances , the provision of education in keeping with progressive requirements and the raising of children as worthy citizens . Azerbaijan has passed a law ratifying the regulations governing the juvenile affairs commissions and commissions for the protection of the rights of minors , the Homelessness and Juvenile Offences ( Prevention ) Act and the Suppression of Human Trafficking Act .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	45	Jamaica is also a party to the Protocol against the Illicit Manufacturing of and Trafficking in Firearms , Their Parts and Components and Ammunition , supplementing the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime . While the provisions of the instrument just adopted are in keeping with the obligations assumed by Jamaica under it and other instruments , we are concerned that we have been asked to implement provisions that are weaker and less prescriptive , thereby diluting provisions already adopted within the framework of our national laws . By not imposing sufficiently strong obligations on producer countries with regard to marking and tracing , the instrument does not provide for the reinforcement needed to assist in our fight against the illicit trade in small arms .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	28	However , Mr. Guéhenno suggested that there is a risk of forgetting some of the hard lessons learned in the 1990s . • Is there a peace to keep and does the consent of the parties exist ? Mr. Guéhenno suggested that many grey areas exist in peacekeeping when there is a weak agreement between the parties and there are spoilers on the ground .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	30	Accordingly , Heads of Government mandated the CARICOM Secretary-General to establish a Task Force to coordinate CARICOM assistance to Haiti in those areas where it has the capacity . In keeping with Security Council resolution 1529 ( 2004 ) , Heads of Government agreed to participation in the follow-on United Nations stabilization force , in efforts to provide humanitarian assistance , the rebuilding of the economy and civil society , and the reconstitution of the democratic structures , processes and institutions of the country . In the prevailing circumstances Heads of Government do not envisage their participation in the Multinational Interim Force authorized by the Security Council .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	50	The Republic of Paraguay maintains diplomatic , commercial and cultural ties with the Republic of China ( Taiwan ) . It values these relations and respects the progress achieved by Taiwan in all areas , especially in the economic and commercial spheres , and in building democratic institutions . In keeping with the principle of universality enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations , the elements constituting the existence of a State , and other essential circumstances , Paraguay believes that consideration should be given to the proposal contained in document A/60/192 , which reflects the aspirations of the 23 million people of Taiwan , just as it would be given to any other request that satisfies the requirements set out in the Charter . In line with this policy , Paraguay supported the admission of both the People 's Republic of China and the Republic of China ( Taiwan ) into the World Trade Organization .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	75	We also believe that the international ministerial meeting on transit transport cooperation , to be held in 2003 , is of crucial importance in enhancing international cooperation to ease the inherent development handicaps of the landlocked developing countries , as recognized in the Millennium Declaration . My delegation shares the view that a commitment to human security demands enhanced international cooperation in conflict prevention and strengthened capacities to assist countries in restoring , building and keeping the peace . In this respect , Mongolia fully supports the Secretary-General in his efforts to move the United Nations from a culture of reaction to a culture of prevention .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	29	The Government of Lesotho plans to invite the private sector to express interest in the development of the Maseru container terminal into a dry port . This is in keeping with the regional standards of the Southern African Development Community as well as the need to expand and improve the transportation of goods through rail . The Government of Lesotho is in the process of replacing the obsolete navigational aids at the Moshoeshoe 1 International Airport .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	51	Examples of the controls on dealers ' activities include : Employees and agents of dealers must be firearms licence holders and those licences must also be endorsed if in the course of their duties they are to come into possession of pistols , MSSA firearms or restricted weapons ; Dealers must keep records of all firearms coming into their possession and details of transfers to customers ; Provision for New Zealand Police to audit the records of dealers ; and Controls that ensure firearms are securely stored . Maximum penalties for illicit dealing activities include :
keep%2:35:10::	keep.v	48	In August 2006 the High Commissioner for Human Rights expressed grave concern at the deportation of four Uzbek refugees and of an asylum-seeker to Uzbekistan . In 2007 , CAT received credible reports that some persons who sought refuge abroad and were returned to the country have been kept in detention in unknown places and possibly subjected to treatment in breach of the Convention . Of the 19 cases transmitted by the Working Group on Enforced or Involuntary Disappearances , 13 remain outstanding , including four persons who had reportedly fled to Kyrgyzstan after the Andijan events and were returned to Uzbekistan .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	49	Information-sharing and cooperation between States , including the dissemination of information on arms transfers , was noted as an important element in addressing the need for marking and tracing on a regional and global level . The implementation of electronic inventories to facilitate stockpile management , security and record keeping , and advanced tracing systems , such as the Integrated Ballistics Identification System , have enhanced the tracing abilities of States . Budget constraints have led some States to request funding in order to implement such mechanisms .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	66	Acting under Chapter VII of the Charter of the United Nations , Reaffirms once again its support for the Peace Agreement , as well as for the Dayton Agreement on implementing the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina of 10 November 1995 ( S/1995/1021 , annex ) , calls upon the parties to comply strictly with their obligations under those Agreements , and expresses its intention to keep the implementation of the Peace Agreement , and the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina , under review ; Expresses its support for the declarations of the Ministerial meetings of the Peace Implementation Conference ;
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	56	Even though digital signatures were for some time believed to be essential for archival purposes , experience has shown that they are not immune to long-term risks . Since every alteration to the record after the time when the signature was created will cause the verification of the signature to fail , reformatting operations intended to keep a record legible for the future ( such as “ migration ” , or “ conversion ” ) may affect the durability of the signature . In fact , digital signatures were conceived more for providing security for the communication of information than for the preservation of information over time .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	78	The United States was drastically expanding its military and commercial presence on the island of Guam , fostering an economic and social dependency that prevented the people from preparing for decolonization . The United States military already occupied one third of the island and was planning to move thousands more military personnel and their families to Guam ; that would result in the Chamorus becoming a minority in their own homeland and would further exacerbate their struggle to keep their language and culture alive . Despite the absence of an approved plan for the build-up , and despite the fact that the environmental impact study — which provided for no input from the island community — had yet to be completed , the military had already begun awarding construction contracts on its bases .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	37	At the 30th meeting , on 1 April 2005 , the Chairperson announced publicly that the Commission had decided to discontinue consideration of the situation of human rights in Honduras . The Commission had also decided to keep the situation of human rights in Kyrgyzstan under review . The Commission had further decided to keep the situation of human rights in Uzbekistan under review and to appoint an independent expert to report to it under the confidential procedure established in accordance with Council resolutions 1503 ( XLVIII ) and 2000/3 .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	50	The necessity to comply with these standards will have an impact on the choice of location for the archives . According to the principle of archival integrity , “ the records of a given agency should be kept together as the records of that agency , such records should be kept , as far as possible , in the arrangement given them in the agency in the course of its official business , such records should be kept in their entirety , without mutilation , alteration , or unauthorized destruction of portions of them ” . Each of the archives of the Tribunals should therefore be preserved as a complete entity , and within each of the archives , the records received and generated by the different organs should be kept separate .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	32	In particular , we hope that the parties will be able to reach a peace settlement based on the parameters agreed to in Annapolis . It is therefore crucial that the parties keep negotiating in good faith , thereby fulfilling their obligations under the first phase of the Road Map . International humanitarian law should guide the actions of all parties on the ground .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	17	Rule 41 Sound recordings of meetings of the Conference and of all committees shall be made and kept in accordance with the practice of the United Nations . Unless otherwise decided , no such recordings shall be made of the meetings of any other appropriate body established under rule 34 .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	35	It should further include precise information on the number of cases to which the new Act has been applied and on the relevant reports of the review committee . The State party is asked to keep the law and its application under strict monitoring and continuing observation . ( 6 ) The Committee is gravely concerned at reports that newborn handicapped infants have had their lives ended by medical personnel .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	54	“ Normally , the maintenance or passage of national legislation inconsistent with international rules generates State responsibility and consequently gives rise to a corresponding claim for cessation and reparation ( lato sensu ) only when such legislation is concretely applied . By contrast , in the case of torture , the mere fact of keeping in force or passing legislation contrary to the international prohibition of torture generates international State responsibility . The value of freedom from torture is so great that it becomes imperative to preclude any national legislative act authorizing or condoning torture or at any rate capable of bringing about this effect ” .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	55	Welcomes , in this regard , the accession by New Caledonia to the status of observer in the South Pacific Forum , continuing high-level visits to New Caledonia by delegations from countries of the Pacific region and high-level visits by delegations from New Caledonia to countries members of the South Pacific Forum ; Decides to keep under continuous review the process unfolding in New Caledonia as a result of the signing of the Nouméa Accord ; Requests the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples to continue to examine the question and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-sixth session .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	44	It requires the United Nations system and other relevant international , regional and subregional organizations , as well as non-governmental organizations , to step up their efforts in a coordinated and integrated manner in supporting Member States . My delegation believes that we should keep on the agenda of the General Assembly an item that allows stakeholders of the Global Strategy to discuss and reach agreement on measures to further enhance the implementation of the Strategy . Ms. Jahan ( Bangladesh ) : The delegation of Bangladesh welcomes this opportunity to participate in the first biennial review meeting on the United Nations Global Counter-Terrorism Strategy .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	55	No law in Kenya obliged anyone to change his or her name upon marriage ; it was a matter of individual choice , and women were increasingly choosing to retain their own names . However , the law relating to the issue of passports and identity cards was discriminatory in that married women who had kept their own names , when applying for such documents to be changed to show their married status , had to be accompanied to the registrar 's office by their husbands . Ms. Ambwere ( Kenya ) said that a stakeholders ' workshop held after the Fourth World Conference on Women had produced a plan of action for the implementation of the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	74	China was working hard to build a comprehensive , sustainable and affluent socialist society , and would continue to adhere to its basic policy of opening up to the outside world , building a more open market system and participating in international economic and technological cooperation and competition on a broader scale . It would engage in cooperation with a view to enabling countries to share the fruits of their successes and , in keeping with its World Trade Organization ( WTO ) commitments , would continue to lower tariffs and open more areas to the outside world . China would continue to make a key contribution to world economic growth .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	38	( a ) Other substantive activities : printing of philatelic materials . Issuance of United Nations postage stamps and postal stationery , including the subject , design and quantity to be printed ; and security and archival safe keeping of postal stocks ; maintaining liaison with the postal authorities of the United States of America , Switzerland , Austria and other countries regarding postal and philatelic regulations and procedures ; and maintaining liaison with the Universal Postal Union regarding philatelic and postal regulations and procedures . Participation in activities of the World Association for the Development of Philately ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	30	For its part , the Palestinian Authority should take all possible steps to restore order in the Palestinian territories and prevent attacks from those territories on Israeli territory . In keeping with the road map , all terrorist infrastructures must be dismantled and decisive measures must be taken against persons or groups that carry out or plan violent attacks on Israelis . The humanitarian situation in the Gaza Strip is a matter of particular concern to my country .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	40	Apparently , there have been questions as to whether it is appropriate for the United Nations to become involved in the establishment of a military force . For its part , the Netherlands would consider it entirely appropriate and in keeping with UNTAET 's mandate of nation-building in East Timor if the United Nations also dealt with the establishment of a military force for the purpose of self-defence . Of course , expert assistance by friendly countries could be sought , including perhaps that of some countries members of the Association of South-East Asian Nations , and not automatically excluding Indonesia .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	78	The Abernathys said it to each other a dozen times a day . Something had to be done about the furnace , the fuel bills , the washing machine , the doctor and dentist bills , about making money stretch for food , for the mortgage , for taxes , for shoes , for half soles , for overshoes , for clothes , for the new leaks in the roof , for gas and light bills ; about keeping warm , about keeping well , about meeting the minor emergencies that came up once , twice , fifty times a day . Just dropping the baby 's bottle and breaking it became a catastrophe , and Stuart wore out his shoes so fast that he was termed a major disaster .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its sixty-second session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Mission in the Central African Republic and Chad ” . Letter dated 10 July 2007 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 ( 2001 ) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	58	Requests the Secretary-General to present a more detailed explanation of the amounts required for reimbursement of contingent-owned equipment , including the impact of the retroactive application of the new procedures for contingent-owned equipment , in the context of the final report on the combined Forces , and to reconsider the question at its fifty-fifth session ; Decides to keep under review the amounts budgeted for reimbursement of contingent-owned equipment ; Decides also to suspend for the immediate future the provisions of financial regulations 4.3 , 4.4 and 5.2 ( d ) in respect of the remaining surplus of 124 , 279 , 327 dollars gross ( 125 , 055 , 670 dollars net ) in order to allow for reimbursements to troop contributors and in the light of the cash shortage of the combined Forces , and requests the Secretary-General to provide an updated report in one year ;
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	52	Stores are obliged to keep an internal log to record general information about buyers and the firearms and ammunition sold and to create customer files containing personal information , background and identity checks and so on . Article 97 of the Regulation stipulates that stores authorized to sell firearms and ammunition must keep records of income and expenditure and must report on a weekly basis to the local Public Security Department regarding the identity of buyers , their address and the type and number of firearms purchased . Failure to comply with those requirements will result in the annulment of the licence .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	10	Article 6 Both domestic law and treaty law are in keeping with the requirement of article 6 of the Covenant , binding the parties to create appropriate conditions to ensure the exercise of the right to work . Interpretative declaration
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	40	He also sympathized with the Special Rapporteur 's desire to treat it as a means of promoting human rights . The approach adopted in draft article 1 , that diplomatic protection was the right of the individual , was in keeping with progressive thinking on the matter . However , the prevalent view was that it was the discretionary right of the State to espouse and present a claim to another State based on its wrongful act .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	71	The Holy Synod of the Bulgarian Orthodox Church was also notified of the case and was requested to evaluate the behaviour of the priest and consider appropriate sanctions with regard to him , in accordance with the Statute of the Bulgarian Orthodox Church. ” The Special Rapporteur wishes to thank Bulgaria for its constant cooperation with him in his work on religious intolerance and for sending detailed replies that are in keeping with the spirit of the 1981 Declaration . According to a second communication , notwithstanding constitutional provisions guaranteeing freedom of religion and belief , such non-traditional minorities as the Jehovah's Witnesses and the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints face hurdles in conducting their activities .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	57	Without saying so , she was really grateful ; for to attend the dying was something she had never experienced , and certainly had not imagined when she thought of the duties she would have as Bobby Joe 's wife . She had made curtains for all the windows of her little house , and she had kept it spotless and neat , shabby as it was , and cooked good meals for Bobby Joe . She had done all the things she had promised herself she would do , but she had not thought of this .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	58	For him to ignore the political consequences involved in an Atlantic Union of this kind is difficult to understand . The pressure for our entry to the Common Market is mounting and we will proceed towards this amalgamated trade union by way of a purely `` economic thoroughfare '' , or garden path , with the political ramifications kept neatly in the background . The appeal is going to be to the pocketbook and may be very convincing to those who do not see its relation to political and legal , as well as economic , self-rule .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	61	HIV/AIDS support Further to Security Council resolution 1308 ( 2000 ) , the HIV component of a multidimensional operation in Darfur would develop a comprehensive awareness and prevention strategy for peacekeeping personnel , including awareness training for re-hatted AMIS peacekeepers ; predeployment training for new troop- and police-contributing countries ; and induction , peer education and voluntary counselling and testing , keeping step with troop and police rotations . In addition , the unit will provide technical assistance to integrate HIV issues in mission mandates and functional strategies and collaborate with United Nations agencies , funds and programmes , national counterparts and non-governmental organizations in mapping HIV activities and capacity and providing technical inputs to the Joint Assessment Mission .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	81	An employment bonus ( PPE ) for people who are resuming an activity and who are paid the statutory minimum wage ( SMIC ) was introduced by the Act of 30 May 2001 , extended in 2003 and amended by the Finance Act of 2007 , in part to meet the financial needs of “ poor workers ” . The purpose of the bonus is to increase the income of low-paid workers so as to provide an incentive for them to keep their jobs . The decentralization of the minimum income allowance system to the general councils , implemented by the Act of 18 December 2003 , was accompanied by the creation of a new tool : the Minimum Income-Integration Contract .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	59	The working group addressed also the issues of the use of the evidence gathered via mutual legal assistance as provided for in paragraph 19 of article 18 . The working group underlined the importance of observing the rules of paragraph 19 , which will protect the rights of individuals and the interests of the investigating and prosecuting authorities in keeping their investigations protected . Requesting States should pay careful attention to the use of the information obtained , especially when the source of the information is sensitive .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	43	However , unless these commitments are followed up by serious and concrete action , the pledges will remain platitudes — mere statements of intent that will be repeated at every review conference of the NPT . It is imperative that these pledges be kept and translated into actual deeds . It is imperative also to ensure that there is no let up in the global campaign to achieve nuclear disarmament and the elimination of nuclear weapons .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	70	In March 2004 , Myanmar acceded to the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and two supplementary protocols , the Protocol to Prevent , Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons , especially Women and Children , and the Protocol against the Smuggling of Migrants by Land , Sea and Air . The recent enactment of the Anti-Human Trafficking Law further demonstrates Myanmar 's commitment to combat human trafficking in keeping with the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime . Violence against women
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	31	TAKES NOTE of the application and the supporting documents submitted by Lions Club International in relation to its request for Observer Status with the African Union ; REQUESTS the PRC to keep this matter under review and to make appropriate recommendations thereon to the next Ordinary Session of the Executive Council and in that connection to reconsider the criteria for granting observer status with the AU . EX.CL/Dec.239 ( VIII )
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	55	In paragraph 183 , the Board of Auditors reported that UNOPS agreed with its recommendation that UNOPS perform regular physical asset counts to verify the existence of assets and the completeness and accuracy of the asset records . UNOPS also agreed with the recommendation to obtain confirmation from the storage company of all inventory items kept in storage . The quarterly verifications are being carried out at the time of writing .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	36	On 11 July , the Security Council adopted resolution 1491 ( 2003 ) authorizing the continuation for a further planned period of 12 months of the multinational stabilization force . The Council reaffirmed its intention to keep the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina under close review and welcomed the deployment by the European Union of its Police Mission since 1 January 2003 . Abkhazia , Georgia
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	48	“ The Security Council underscored and will strengthen its relationship with civil society , including as appropriate , through , inter alia , the use of “ Arria-formula ” meetings and meetings with local civil society organizations during Security Council missions . “ The Security Council agreed to keep this item under review. ” Official meetings
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	28	Subregional arrangements The Leaders noted the concern raised over the potential risk of regional sub-groups that could complicate the institution of the Pacific Islands Forum and decided to keep the issue active for future in-depth consideration . In this connection the Leaders requested the Secretary-General to look into this issue and in particular to examine what possible practical measures may be made in the procedures and conduct of the Forum 's business that could reduce the risks to the coherence and cohesiveness of the Forum and report back to the Leaders at their 2008 meeting .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	27	Other delegates noted that the text should be placed under article 6 or dealt with in the rules of procedure . France and several non-governmental organizations preferred keeping the text , replacing “ victims ” with “ authors ” . Canada , New Zealand and the United Kingdom proposed a new subparagraph ( d ) bis referring to a threshold of “ significant disadvantage ” , unless the communication raised a serious issue of general importance .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	51	For instance , in the city of Jowhar ( see S/2005/625 ) , ICU met resistance from small businesses when they were required to pay fees additional to those they were already paying to the ousted administration . There , unlike what happened with checkpoints in Mogadishu , ICU decided to keep checkpoints on the outskirts of Jowhar . In summary , revenues from small businesses account for $ 655 , 000 a year , while at entry points to the city of Jowhar revenues collected are in the order of $ 1.3 million a year ( annex XX ) .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	45	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of assistance programmes to the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations decisions relating to decolonization , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly ,
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	105	Article 4 of Law No. 318 on the Combating of Money-laundering makes it incumbent upon institutions not subject to banking secrecy , including individual institutions , in particular money-changing offices , financial brokerage companies , leasing companies , mutual funds , insurance companies , companies promoting , building and selling real estate and merchants dealing in valuables ( jewellery , precious stones , gold , works of art , antiques ) to keep records of transactions with a value in excess of US $ 10 , 000 . They must also , through official documents , verify the identity and address of each client and keep photocopies of these and transaction-related documents for a period of no less than five years . Article 5 of the above-mentioned law makes it incumbent upon banks , financial institutions and all other institutions subject to the Banking Secrecy Law to monitor their transactions with clients in order to avoid any possible involvement of such institutions in the laundering of funds deriving from the offences specified by this Law , including the terrorist offences , set out in articles 314 , 315 and 316 of the Penal Code .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	113	Welcomes the important progress attained in the elaboration of the draft comprehensive convention on international terrorism during the meetings of the Ad Hoc Committee established by General Assembly resolution 51/210 of 17 December 1996 and the Working Group of the Sixth Committee established pursuant to General Assembly resolution 57/27 ; Decides that the Ad Hoc Committee shall continue to elaborate a draft comprehensive convention on international terrorism , shall continue its efforts to resolve the outstanding issues relating to the elaboration of a draft international convention for the suppression of acts of nuclear terrorism as a means of further developing a comprehensive legal framework of conventions dealing with international terrorism , and shall keep on its agenda the question of convening a high-level conference under the auspices of the United Nations to formulate a joint organized response of the international community to terrorism in all its forms and manifestations ; Requests the Secretary-General to continue to provide the Ad Hoc Committee with the necessary facilities for the performance of its work ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	56	The European Union emphasized at the seventh Review Conference the need to preserve the integrity of the NPT , to strengthen its implementation , to work towards universal participation , and more specifically set out a number of considerations of importance to our work here , in particular on the subject of nuclear disarmament . In keeping with this approach , France reaffirmed on the occasion of the Review Conference its commitments in the framework of general and complete disarmament . My country has demonstrated that it respects its obligations under article VI in good faith .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	24	( c ) Publish and circulate the report and the official documents of the Congress ; ( d ) Make and arrange for the keeping of sound recordings of meetings ; ( e ) Arrange for the custody and preservation of the records of the Congress in the archives of the United Nations ;
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	32	Briefing kits Out of a sample of briefing kits provided to the High Commissioner for 15 of his missions in 2005 and 2006 , in six cases the Executive Office had not kept the complete file and had to check electronic documents from the field offices . The Executive Office did not maintain all briefing files in a single place and was therefore unable to track all the High Commissioner 's missions and meetings .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	84	In addition to the Tunis initiative , the Group of 77 and China have submitted to the Second Committee a draft resolution on agenda item 99 , “ Implementation of the first United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty ( 1997-2006 ) ” . Tunisia highly appreciates Members ' support for the draft resolution , which it hopes will be accepted by consensus , so that we may enhance the mechanism for combating poverty and confront the challenges faced by all , in keeping with our commitment to begin the new millennium meeting the challenge of want , which we regard as one of the major reasons for instability and tension throughout the world and for the exclusion of entire societies from economic development . Mr. Kolby ( Norway ) : At the twenty-fourth special session in June this year we completed the first five-year review of the implementation of the outcome of the World Summit for Social Development .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	16	It won't open from inside . Before we built the new jail , we used to keep prisoners in here overnight sometimes when the old jail got too crowded . Hirey treats himself a lot better than we do prisoners .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	44	She found herself wishing an old wish , that she had told Doaty she was running away , that she had left something more behind her than the loving , sorry note and her best garnet pin . Perhaps Doaty had guessed already and kept her counsel . Henrietta thought , It 's extraordinary how much she always knew about both of us .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	56	That being the case , the Committee cautions against any automatic submission of revised estimates merely to reflect changes implemented as the result of the arrival of a new Special Representative of the Secretary-General . Even taking into account the upcoming elections , the Committee is of the opinion that every effort should be made to keep within the total initial estimate . Variations in allocation and between objects of expenditure could be reflected in the performance report , as well as in the budget for 2000-2003 ; such an approach would be consistent with the discipline required by General Assembly resolution 49/223 of 23 December 1994 .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	34	Cuba , Guatemala and Panama also reported full implementation of measures requiring financial institutions to maintain adequate records , as prescribed by paragraph 3 . Cuba further specified that financial institutions were required to keep such records for at least five years . Cuba did not report on the implementation of paragraphs 3 to 6 , thereby not complying with an obligatory reporting item .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	87	Such fear is particularly caused by the fact that most people who leave the country in such situations leave without an exit visa and are subject to the threat of prosecution upon return for having left the country illegally. “ Well-founded fear of persecution ” due to that threat may give rise to refugee status subsequently . Whether one classifies a person as a refugee or not , it is important to highlight the need for all persons in migration situations to be treated humanely , in keeping with internationally recognized human rights . A worrying trend in some countries ( first asylum countries ) which receive persons who seek asylum from the country in question is the tendency to classify them as illegal immigrants and subject them to detention , prosecution and even threat of push-back to the country of origin , where dangers lurk ominously .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	34	The right of ownership to Svartskogen was awarded collectively to the Saami people of Manndalen on the basis of immemorial usage . The Supreme Court also pointed out that the decision was in close keeping with the provisions of ILO Convention No. 169 , article 14 , paragraph 1 , first sentence , and with the considerations the said provisions were to safeguard . Group of Experts appointed to draw up a draft Nordic Saami convention
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	69	It should be noted in this regard that proceeds and property liable to confiscation will frequently be deployed so as to produce income and other benefits ( e.g. illicit profits placed on deposit or invested in shares on which dividends are paid ) . While it may be argued that these benefits derive from lawful transactions , paragraph 5 of article 12 aims at ensuring that offenders do not keep the benefit of their use of illicit proceeds . On the question of whether their domestic legislation enabled , for the purpose of eventual confiscation , the identification , tracing , freezing or seizure of items liable to confiscation , all responding States reported that their legislation was in compliance with this requirement , except for Angola , Ecuador and Mexico , which reiterated , mutatis mutandis , the position indicated on the question of confiscation ( see paras. 45 and 47 above ) .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	50	Ukraine reported that following the collapse of assistance arrangements with the European Commission to destroy all remaining stockpiled PFM type mines , it had the resources and capacity to destroy only half the remaining stockpile by its deadline . The Co-Chairs of the Standing Committee on Stockpile Destruction , in keeping with Actions # 14 and # 16 of the Nairobi Action Plan , gave special attention to the challenges to comply with Article 4 obligations on the part of those States Parties that must destroy vast quantities of Soviet-era PFM mines . They did so in part by convening on 11 April 2008 informal closed consultations with representatives of the States Parties concerned , with the participation of interested donors , experts and relevant intergovernmental and nongovernmental organizations .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	46	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of programmes of assistance to the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations resolutions and decisions relating to decolonization , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly ,
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	21	This would ensure that the Commission remained within its mandate under the Convention and the Agreement . The Commission agreed to keep under review at its next session the idea of establishing a working group of the Commission to study the issue further . Outcomes of the workshop on the establishment of a geologic model for the Clarion-Clipperton Fracture Zone
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	67	With regard to the Democratic Republic of the Congo , we are gratified to note the important progress that has been made in the political process , allowing the much-needed humanitarian space to increase . Here , too , as internally displaced persons ( IDPs ) and refugees begin to return , the process needs to be supported and managed carefully so that tensions and instability are kept to a minimum . We therefore support the observation of the Emergency Relief Coordinator that the improvement of the humanitarian situation for the affected people must be pursued in tandem with the political process .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	9	They are ' worry warts ' . Yet they keep running from one physician to another , largely to get a willing ear who will listen to their parade of troubles . One of the most wholesome things you could schedule in your church would thus be a group confessional where people could admit of their inner tensions '' .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	46	The waves are separated by intervals of 15 minutes to an hour or more ( because of their great length ) , and this has often lulled people into thinking after the first great wave has crashed that it is all over . The waves may keep coming for many hours . Usually the third to the eighth waves in the series are the biggest .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	41	The feasibility of direct UNDP funding to UNCDF , whether for programme or administrative support , will be influenced by these and other factors . On the legal side , there would appear to be three options : ( a ) keeping the UNCDF mandate as is ; ( b ) integrating the UNCDF mandate into the UNDP mandate ; or ( 3 ) taking the decision that the mandate is no longer considered relevant . However , it is clear that , irrespective of a possible financial integration of UNCDF in the United Nations or UNDP , no changes in the legal independence of UNCDF could be made without giving up the `independent ' UNCDF .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	20	Neglect means spiritual paralysis or death . Churches that have a carefully planned program of membership preparation and assimilation often keep 85 to 90 per cent of their new members loyal and active . This is the answer to the problem of `` membership delinquency '' .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	73	Concerning the delay between the approval of assessments and the collection of contributions , she noted by way of example that , while the United Nations Mission in Liberia had been authorized in October 2003 , assessments had not been issued until January 2004 and contributions were only just starting to come in . In the meantime , the Secretariat had had to borrow $ 76 million from the Peacekeeping Reserve Fund to keep the Mission operationally solvent . Responding to the proposal that closed mission cash should be withheld only from Member States with arrears in other accounts , she said that the Secretariat could not take such a step unilaterally and would need the consent of the States concerned .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	54	General comments The Government of Colombia could support General Assembly resolution 55/153 of 12 December 2000 , entitled “ Nationality of natural persons in relation to the succession of States ” , and considers it to be a viable core text for the elaboration of an international convention , given that it is in keeping with domestic and international regulations regarding nationality . Preamble
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	30	The spirit of the Marine Corps was present and operative before any of the present members of it came into it . It is they , of course , who keep it alive and preserve it so the same spirit will continue to be present in the Corps for future recruits to find as they come into it .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	33	We take note of the work being undertaken by the United Nations mission in seeking to harmonize the legal framework for the future transitional self-government organs . Such work should be strictly in keeping with the provisions of resolution 1244 ( 1999 ) , with the participation of Belgrade . We note that this problem was discussed during the talks between Mr Haekerrup and President Kostunica , and we encourage that dialogue .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	47	Interpreters felt that those images were not clear enough to be useful and proposed reducing the number of images from three to two , in order to achieve better quality within approximately the same available bandwidth . One monitor was removed , but the third camera was kept in operation and was used to feed alternating views of the podium or the room at the discretion of the television director . Therefore , between the first and the second weeks , the rate for the plasma screen ( image of the speaker ) was increased from 384 to 512 kbps and the rate for one monitor ( alternating images of the podium or the room ) was increased from 256 to 384 kbps .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	28	( c ) Approves the transfer of five additional buildings pledged by the Government of Italy to the United Nations Logistics Base ; ( d ) Decides to keep under review during its fifty-eighth session the question of the financing of the United Nations Logistics Base . Fifty-eighth session
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	26	Requests the International Civil Service Commission to keep the issue of United Nations common system conditions of service in the field under review ; Decides to keep the issue of United Nations common system conditions of service in the field under review ; Approves the introduction of a rest and recuperation scheme to include travel time , appropriate to the location , but no payment of travel to the staff member , for internationally recruited staff members in United Nations field operations to replace the occasional recuperation break , effective 1 January 2009 ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	19	Recommendation No. 10 The High Commissioner urges the State to adopt a policy on crime that is fully in keeping with the principles of rights-based criminal law . With that in mind , she reiterates the need to incorporate in the Prison Code all the reforms needed to guarantee prisoners full enjoyment of the rights not affected by their sentence and the conditions of detention required by the relevant international minimum rules .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-eighth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Mission of Support in East Timor ” . A/58/192 and Add.1 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	135	Through , among other things , affirmative or positive actions and strategies , these plans should aim at creating conditions for all to participate effectively in decision-making and realize civil , cultural , economic , political and social rights in all spheres of life on the basis of non-discrimination . National anti-discrimination legislation should specifically include access to and provision for effective judicial , administrative and other remedies for non-citizens ; Urges States to prevent and eliminate , where they exist , racially discriminatory policies and practices in access to public and private employment , business opportunities , development programmes [ and occupation ] , education , housing and health care and to promote policies which seek to improve the prospects of targeted groups facing , inter alia , the greatest obstacles in finding , keeping or regaining work , including skilled employment . Invites Urges States to promote and support where appropriate the organization and operation of enterprises owned by indigenous people , people of minority descent , migrants and other ethnic , racial , cultural , religious and linguistic groups or minorities by favouring/facilitating equal/promoting equal access to credits and training programmes ; Urges States and encourages non-governmental organizations and the private sector :
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	12	Statistics could , however , distinguish between nationals and non-nationals . In keeping with its commitments pursuant to the Fourth World Conference on Women , the Government was seeking to have men and women share home and work responsibilities more equitably and had recently adopted legislation to help women to reconcile family life and work . Ms. Álvarez Álvarez ( Spain ) said that heavy immigration into Spain was a recent phenomenon , since the 1990s .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	50	The take-up was low : “ We had a target of 960 small business owners and 2 , 000 were approached , although we ended up with only 55 co-operating in the project ” . The service was offered at $ 8 per month ; the entrepreneur was supposed to keep details on income and expenditure , and a technician would spend two hours a month turning that into accounting records and management information . The project found that micro-enterprises were not prepared to spend the money , which in turn caused a problem with retention of technicians who were paid on the basis of the number of businesses they serviced .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	51	Morocco accepted the draft framework agreement as a basis for negotiation , and is ready to continue cooperating with the Security Council , the Secretary-General and his personal representative , Mr. James Baker , in order to achieve a just , peaceful and final settlement of the Sahara issue . In keeping with international law and the Charter , Morocco invites all other parties to provide the same positive response to the appeal contained in Security Council resolution 1359 ( 2001 ) to start negotiations in order to achieve a political solution of this totally contrived conflict . The fact that Spain continues to occupy two Moroccan cities , Ceuta and Melilla , and the islands off the coast of Morocco that are near them , is a pure anachronism and totally out of line with the values and principles upheld by the international community .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	73	Mr. Ragab ( Egypt ) ( spoke in Arabic ) : I should like to explain our vote on the draft resolution contained in document A/57/L.72 on cooperation between the United Nations and the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe ( OSCE ) . After giving full consideration to the draft resolution , the delegation of Egypt concluded that , for a number of reasons , it would have been better to keep the original text , as presented by the coordinator of the item . First , the text corresponded with the language contained in the OSCE Summit declaration , adopted in Istanbul in 1999 , with the participation of the parties to the Nagorny Karabakh conflict .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	72	The Ministers emphasized the importance for this review process to contribute to more effective and flexible rules , applicable to the PBF . The Ministers encouraged the continued coordination of positions of the Non-Aligned countries within the framework of the NAM Caucus in the PBC and requested the Caucus to continue its efforts to strengthen the position and the role of the Movement in the affairs of the PBC and continue to keep the Coordinating Bureau of the Movement abreast of the activities undertaken by the Commission , on a regular basis . They further encouraged the Non-Aligned members of the Peace-building Commission and the Non-Aligned countries which are on its agenda , to actively participate in the NAM Caucus to ensure its purposeful contribution to the peace-building activities of the United Nations .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	90	During the reporting period , my Personal Envoy , James A. Baker III , was required to undertake duties in relation to the presidential elections held in the United States of America . He was therefore not able to dedicate the time and effort necessary to fully follow up to see if the Government of Morocco , as administrative Power in Western Sahara , was prepared to offer or support some devolution of authority for all inhabitants and former inhabitants of the Territory that was genuine , substantial and in keeping with international norms . My Personal Envoy has recently informed me that he is now able to fully re-engage in trying to assist the parties in finding an early , durable and agreed resolution to their dispute over Western Sahara .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	29	It was evident that Mullins was the man to go . It was evident that a captain should remain at his desk , directing with a firm hand and keeping a firm seat . Bill Weigand was good and tired of the wall opposite , and the crack in the plaster .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	35	Part 1 - Introduction Institute for the Development of Education , Arts and Leisure ( IDEAL ) seeks to promote a new educational system based on the principles of “ education through experience ” in keeping with spiritual , ecological , economic , and human values . Specifically , IDEAL seeks to : ( i ) create a vision of humanity as One Family ; ( ii ) foster moral , social , and aesthetic values through educational programs and artistic and leisure activities ; ( iii ) establish prenatal education programs , birth centers , and prenatal education centers worldwide ; ( iv ) promote the development of a way of life that embraces the laws of nature and respects the earth as one living organism .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	28	Africa is aware that the veto is an undemocratic instrument and would prefer to do away with it altogether . However , as long as others insist on keeping the veto , Africa should have it as well . The status quo is unacceptable .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	113	It was a matter of urgency to achieve goal 7 of the Millennium Development Goals , to take concrete measures to combat poverty , to radically change the non-viable means of production and consumption imposed by the current economic system , and to stimulate social development through sustainable management of natural resources , all of which required a firm commitment by the international community . It was essential to find additional financial resources , to make transfers of technology to enable the developing countries to manage their natural resources more effectively and , above all , to eliminate the political conditions attached to cooperation in order to establish an economic model more in keeping with the ideals of peace , social justice and solidarity . At the thirteenth session of the Commission on Sustainable Development , the international community would draw up environmental strategies in three areas of great importance to Venezuela and to the developing countries — water , sanitation and human settlements — but the Commission would have to reconcile the interests of North and South countries .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	56	Decides , with respect to the working methods of both the Executive Committee and its Standing Committee that a five-minute time limit shall be applied to statements made under the Executive Committee and Standing Committee agendas ; Decides , notwithstanding the provisions made on observer participation , that the Executive Committee or its Standing Committee shall keep the right exceptionally to declare any Standing Committee meeting or agenda item closed to observer participation ; such decisions will be taken by consensus following a request by one or more delegations to the Chairman who will consult with Executive Committee members ; Further decides that all provisions of Executive Committee 's decision A/AC.96/860 ( paragraph 32 ) not affected by the above shall remain in force , notably those contained in sub-paragraphs ( a ) , ( c ) , ( g ) , ( j ) , ( k ) , ( l ) , ( r ) , ( s ) , ( t ) , ( v ) , ( w ) , ( x ) , ( y ) , ( z ) and ( aa ) through ( jj ) .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	49	( a ) Respect the right to privacy , the dignity and the rights of persons with disabilities , ( . ( b ) [ Be kept only in a statistical format without identifying individuals and [ should — Costa Rica ] ( shall — Costa Rica ) be kept secure to prevent unauthorized access or misuse of information — Mexico ] ( Adhere to ethic regulations and principles regarding respect of anonymity and confidentiality , as well as the use of the disability statistics for social awareness — Mexico ) ; [ ( c ) ( The governmental authorities responsible for statistics in the States Parties shall — Mexico ) [ Ensure that the design and implementation of data collection is done in partnership with persons with disabilities , their representative organizations and [ all — Mexico ] other [ relevant — Mexico ] ( interested — Mexico ) stakeholders ; — Jordan ] — New Zealand ]
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	25	In this respect , the UNHCR Gender Training Kit on Refugee Protection and Resource Handbook issued in November 2003 represents a valuable tool . In keeping with the Agenda 's objective of improving the quality and consistency of UNHCR 's mandate refugee status determination ( RSD ) procedures , the Office issued Procedural Standards for Refugee Status Determination under UNHCR 's Mandate in late 2003 . These provide UNHCR offices with guidance on determining eligibility for mandate refugee status on an individual basis .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	45	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of assistance programmes to the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations decisions relating to decolonization , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling its relevant resolutions ,
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	61	Situational scenarios of the economy development were simulated based on the economical policy of the Republic of Kazakhstan for medium term period , which envisages the decision of tasks on achieving a sustainable development of the country . Macroeconomic forecasts include three scenarios of the economy development : base scenario ( otherwise : base variant ) , a scenario identified at keeping a GDP growth rate for 1999 - 2002 ( otherwise : realistic variant ) and a scenario identified in case of an industrial and innovative policy realization in the country ( otherwise : optimistic variant ) . The research of the Kazakhstan 's economy resulted that a macroeconomic stabilization has been achieved within 1994-1998 and since 1999 - 2006 an obvious economic growth has been observed .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	29	Not all States adopt identical rules to govern the effects of this particular recourse . Usually , States provide that the creditor that takes the asset in satisfaction may keep it , even where the value of the asset exceeds the amount of the secured obligation still owed . That is , unlike the case of a sale , the secured creditor may keep a surplus .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	48	We are therefore heartened by UNTAET 's decision to respond to the East Timorese by sharing governmental responsibility and having East Timorese political figures given political responsibility for their decisions . We also agree with the Special Representative of the Secretary-General that the process of co-government is in keeping with resolution 1272 ( 1999 ) , which mandates UNTAET to support capacity-building for self-government . The expansion of the National Consultative Council from 15 to 33 members , with wide representation from throughout the territory and from a wide range of civil society , is an important development .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	20	- Issuing , modifying , suspending or withdrawing permits for activities using sources of ionizing radiation ; - Establishing and keeping national registers of sources of ionizing radiation and nuclear material accounting ; - Carrying out monitoring and inspections of facilities housing ionizing radiation sources or nuclear material ;
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	59	Decides to extend the mandate of the Mission for a new period terminating on 31 January 2000 , subject to a review by the Council of the mandate of the Mission in the event of any changes that may be made in the mandate or in the presence of the peacekeeping force ; Requests the Secretary-General to continue to keep the Council regularly informed and to report three months from the date of the adoption of this resolution on the situation in Abkhazia , Georgia ; Expresses its intention to conduct a thorough review of the operation at the end of its current mandate , in the light of steps taken by the parties to achieve a comprehensive settlement ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	52	If these figures are confirmed , it will be more and more difficult to seek further improvements , particularly concerning the large-scale use of renewable , solar or wind energy . The Board wishes to underline that such initiatives could hardly be implemented within the approved budget of the project and in keeping with the work schedule . Concerning respect for the original architecture of the Building , the Board found that excellent guidelines had been established at the beginning of the studies .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	38	Introduction This report is submitted pursuant to the request of the Security Council contained in a statement made by its President on 26 September 2001 ( see S/PRST/2001/25 ) in which the Council requested me to continue to keep it regularly informed of the activities of the United Nations Peace-building Support Office in the Central African Republic ( BONUCA ) and the situation in that country . The report covers the period from January to June 2003 and relates the activities of BONUCA and major developments in the Central African Republic in the political , security , military , social and economic spheres , and in the area of human rights , since my last report dated 3 January 2003 ( S/2003/5 ) .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	42	The Human Resources Action Plan for the Head of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations will include overall targets and goals for staffing the Department of Peacekeeping Operations both at Headquarters and in the field , in line with these considerations . In keeping with the established reporting lines , the Special Representative of the Secretary-General/Head of Mission will , in turn , be held accountable to the Secretary-General , through the Under-Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations , for the performance of his/her mission in meeting the Human Resources Action Plan targets and goals set for the specific mission . C. Anticipated benefits
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	82	Despite the joint efforts of the international community , in particular Belgium , France , the Netherlands , South Africa and Angola , the integration of the armed forces of the Democratic Republic of the Congo , the Congolese National Police and other security forces is far behind schedule . The Structure militaire d'integration ( SMI ) , the authority in charge of army integration , does not have the resources to impose integration on the former belligerents , who prefer to keep part of their armed forces in their strongholds in case the electoral process fails . E. Disarmament and reintegration
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	58	The Working Group considered oral reports by the Secretariat on developments concerning online arbitration and on the status of consideration by the Secretariat of issues related to transfer of rights by electronic means , in particular , transfer of rights in tangible goods . The Working Group agreed on the importance of both topics , which should be kept under review by the Secretariat for consideration by the Working Group at an appropriate stage . Electronic contracting : provisions for a draft convention
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	43	Mr. GRINEVICH ( Belarus ) noted with satisfaction the entry into force of Protocol V and indicated that the Belarusian authorities were finalizing a bill for the ratification of the instrument . Those authorities believed that the country 's domestic law was in keeping with the provisions of the Protocol , in particular those of articles 3 to 6 of the instrument . The Belarusian delegation had played an active role in the discussions held by the Group of Governmental Experts , following the adoption of the Protocol , on evaluation of the rules of international humanitarian law applicable to explosive remnants of war and had replied to the questionnaire on the topic .
keep%2:31:00::	keep.v	68	Investigations conducted during his period of remand had revealed that he had continued his illegal activities in Malaysia in support of the “ Acehnese Freedom Movement ” that included collecting and providing funds for the movement , an illegal organization in both countries . Two weeks later , on completion of police investigations , he had been unconditionally released ; the Royal Malaysia Police saw no reasons for keeping him under surveillance . Complete and comprehensive investigations carried out by the police , following the report of his disappearance , had failed to reveal any information on his whereabouts .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	31	Debt also consumes about 27 per cent of the budget . These figures do not indicate a clear return to post-conflict budget priorities , since expenditures in the health sector ( kept at 6 per cent ) and education sector ( increased from 6 per cent in 2003 to 11 per cent in 2004 ) remain quite low , even by sub-Saharan Africa standards . The international community has considered the lack of reliable and timely data on public finance a key weakness of the authorities , reflecting insufficient capacity and poor transparency .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	71	At its fifty-third session , the Sub-Commission , in its resolution 2001/17 , decided to entrust Ms. Hampson with the task of preparing an expanded working paper on reservations to human rights treaties . In its decision 2002/111 , the Commission on Human Rights , taking note of resolution 2001/17 of the Sub-Commission , decided to reaffirm its decision 2001/113 , and in this regard requested the Sub-Commission to continue to keep in mind the work on reservations under way in the International Law Commission . At its fifty-fourth session , the Sub-Commission had before it the expanded working paper prepared by Ms. Hampson ( E/CN.4/Sub.2/2002/34 ) .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	6	Do you approve '' ? Casey kept his smile fixed , but some small inner disturbance was working on him as he thought again about Needham , who was eight or ten years older than the girl . He wondered whether Needham was going to swear off gambling and get a steady job or whether he was counting on the income from Betty 's estate to subsidize him .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	50	There had recently been a court order that stated that any form of marriage or any customary norm that prevented a woman from owning property that belonged to her father was repugnant to natural justice , equity and good conscience . Nigeria was gradually eliminating norms that were not in keeping with international practice . Ms. Sani ( Nigeria ) thanked the members of the Committee for their constructive comments .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	45	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of assistance programmes to the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations decisions relating to decolonization , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly ,
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	35	Mickey felt his shoulders come up against the wall beside the heavy slab front door . This was going to be it now , any second , and what he had to remember was to keep his eye on the razor , no matter what , even if Roberts should feint with a kick to the groin , the deadly hand was his exclusive concern . The kick came , sudden and vicious but short .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	40	In the Department of General Assembly Affairs and Conference Services ( DGAACS ) , the workload is not spread evenly throughout the year . To provide the necessary conference services in the most economical manner , established staffing complements are kept at the minimum level . Additional requirements are met through the recruitment of short-term staff , for which a specific appropriation is provided under temporary assistance for meetings in the budget of the Department .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	20	Expresses its support for the declarations of the Ministerial meetings of the Peace Implementation Conference ; Reaffirms its intention to keep implementation of the Peace Agreement and the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina under close review , taking into account the reports submitted pursuant to paragraphs 18 and 21 below , and any recommendations those reports might include , and its readiness to consider the imposition of measures if any party fails significantly to meet its obligations under the Peace Agreement ; Recalls the support of the authorities of Bosnia and Herzegovina for the EU force and the continued NATO presence and their confirmation that both are the legal successors to SFOR for the fulfilment of their missions for the purposes of the Peace Agreement , its Annexes and Appendices and relevant United Nations Security Council resolutions and can take such actions as are required , including the use of force , to ensure compliance with Annexes 1-A and 2 of the Peace Agreement and relevant United Nations Security Council resolutions ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	56	Adoption of the report of the Preparatory Committee ( A/CONF.192/PC/L.6 ) The Chairman said that , following the Preparatory Committee 's adoption of a provisional agenda for the Conference the previous afternoon , he had been informed by the Office of the President of the General Assembly that the President of the General Assembly , in keeping with tradition , wished to take part in the opening ceremony of the July Conference . An appropriate agenda item would therefore be included and the amended agenda would be circulated to Committee members .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	30	By the way , Brazil is now participating in such a programme . So , in addition to the point , which was rightly made , that we have to keep intact the obligation not to refoule people and to accept people when they are real refugees , the role of UNHCR here has to broaden to include a new concept to reduce irregular , secondary flows of people by putting in place joint mechanisms for countries to provide solutions : sustainable repatriation , local integration and resettlement . That is possible only if we learn to practice burden-sharing among countries .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	60	With regard to the question of the enlargement of the Security Council , Malaysia fully supports expansion in both categories , based on geographical balance and reflecting the geopolitics of today . We reiterate our position that if there is no agreement on expansion in the permanent membership , we should proceed on expansion in the non-permanent category , while keeping the issue of expansion of the permanent membership active . My delegation feels that it is time for us to move forward and for Member States to demonstrate their political will in reforming the Security Council .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	38	The Fiji Police has also instigated and developed a close working relationship with other stakeholders who are not a part of the CLAG . One such agency includes the Private Security companies whom the Police Force assists in keeping the peace and securing their respective places of responsibility . Sub-paragraph 2 ( c ) :
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	55	In order to prevent operations involving the concealment and movement of money of suspicious origin and other transactions aimed at laundering money deriving from serious crimes , financial entities will have to comply with the following provisions of article 16 of newly adopted Act No. 8204 on psychotropic substances : ( a ) Obtain and keep information on the true identity of persons on whose behalf an account is opened or a transaction is carried out , if there are suspicions that customers may not be acting on their own behalf , especially in the case of legal entities that do not carry on commercial , financial or industrial operations in the country where they are based or domiciled ; ( b ) Keep named accounts ; anonymous accounts , numbered accounts or accounts under fictitious or inaccurate names are not allowed ;
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	42	The mandate of the Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People for 2009 is contained in General Assembly resolutions 63/26 , 63/27 and 63/28 of 26 November 2008 . It also requested the Committee to continue to keep under review the situation relating to the question of Palestine and to report and make suggestions to the Assembly , the Security Council or the Secretary-General , as appropriate . It further requested the Committee to continue to extend its cooperation and support to Palestinian and other civil society organizations and to continue to involve additional civil society organizations in its work in order to mobilize international solidarity and support for the Palestinian people , particularly during this critical period of humanitarian and financial crisis , with the overall aim of promoting the achievement by the Palestinian people of its inalienable rights and a peaceful settlement of the question of Palestine .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	47	Notes the usefulness of identifying the theme for the 2011-2012 review and policy cycle during the forty-eighth session of the Commission ; Decides that the Commission for Social Development should maintain the two-year review and policy cycle until its fiftieth session and that it should continue to keep its methods of work under review . 42nd plenary meeting 24 July 2008
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	57	This long-term commitment had been demonstrated during the Asian financial crisis , when a number of local suppliers of Toyota in Thailand had faced severe liquidity problems . Toyota realized that without a stable network of local suppliers , its own existence was at risk , and it had thus initiated various support measures in order to keep its supply chain afloat . The actions undertaken by Toyota Thailand included price adjustments to mitigate adverse effects of the exchange rate fluctuations , advance purchases to increase turnover , compensation for excess inventory stemming from declines in orders , job transfers from local companies to local joint ventures to utilize excess capacity , and an increase in the volume of local inputs at the expense of imports .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	91	Invites the Government of Germany to continue contributing , on a voluntary basis , to UNCCD meetings organized in Bonn ; Requests the secretariat , together with the other United Nations organizations based in Bonn , to continue consultations with the Government of Germany regarding the move to the United Nations campus , with a view to identifying ways to meet the subsequent anticipated higher costs of the facilities , and further requests the Government of Germany , in this regard , to make arrangements to absorb these costs , in keeping with its obligations as host country ; Requests the secretariat to report to the COP at its eighth session on further progress made in its relations with the host country .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	67	112 , para. According to the Statute , the Assembly shall meet once a year and , when circumstances so require , hold special sessions ( art . 112 , para. Pursuant to rule 37 of the draft Rules of the Assembly of States Parties ( PCNICC/2001/L.4/Add.4 ) , it is envisaged that a secretariat would be responsible for receiving , translating , reproducing , distributing and keeping custody of documents and decisions of the Assembly , the Bureau and any subsidiary bodies that may be established by the Assembly , as well as providing interpretation . Thus , the secretariat will be involved in the substantive servicing of meetings and preparing pre-session , in-session and post-session documentation .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	48	The General Assembly has a critical leadership role to play in mobilizing global support for the achievement of the MDGs . Many delegations endorsed my proposal that the Assembly meet each year until 2015 to take stock of global implementation and to hold all partners to account in keeping their MDG commitments . The General Assembly established the historic Millennium Development Goals .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	89	Agreeing that an active and flourishing civil society is essential to the political process , and expressing concern , in this respect , that opportunities for constructive public debate about the future of the island , within and between the communities , are becoming fewer , and that this atmosphere is hampering , in particular , efforts to foster bicommunal activities intended to benefit all Cypriots and to promote reconciliation and build trust in order to facilitate a comprehensive settlement , Reaffirming the importance of the Secretary-General continuing to keep the operations of the Force under close review while continuing to take into account developments on the ground and the views of the parties , and reverting to the Council with recommendations , as appropriate , for further adjustments to the mandate , force levels and concept of operation of the Force as soon as warranted , Welcoming the steps taken by Cyprus to address the living conditions of many troops of the Force ,
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	57	Neither Israel nor any other party has the right to act on behalf of the Palestinian people with respect to final-status issues , because those should be the subject of negotiations between both parties , Palestinian and Israeli . The Palestinian party , represented by its legitimate leadership , is the only one empowered to act in keeping with its national interests under international law and relevant resolutions of the United Nations . The international community stands united with respect to the principles and concepts that should govern any serious attempt to settle the Arab-Israeli conflict .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	60	Affirming the importance of addressing the question of remedies and reparation for victims of gross violations of international human rights law and serious violations of international humanitarian law in a systematic and thorough way at the national and international levels , Recognizing that , in honouring the victims ' right to benefit from remedies and reparation , the international community keeps faith with the plight of victims , survivors and future human generations and reaffirms international law in the field , Recalling the adoption of the Basic Principles and Guidelines on the Right to a Remedy and Reparation for Victims of Gross Violations of International Human Rights Law and Serious Violations of International Humanitarian Law by the Commission on Human Rights in its resolution 2005/35 of 19 April 2005 and by the Economic and Social Council in its resolution 2005/30 of 25 July 2005 , in which the Council recommended to the General Assembly that it adopt the Basic Principles and Guidelines ,
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	43	Liberia did not supply such a list . Although information on landings and departures of every aircraft is information that is kept at every airport in the world , the airport authority in Liberia had consistently claimed that such a list was only kept for a short while and then destroyed . Liberia can , in agreement with its partners in the Roberts Flight Information Region and in accordance with ICAO regulations , start to manage its own airspace .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	60	The question of Palestine is at the core of the Middle East question . We believe that the solution to the Palestinian issue lies in conducting political talks in accordance with relevant United Nations resolutions and the principle of land for peace , and in building an independent Palestinian State based on the road map. This not only is in keeping with the fundamental interests of Palestine and Israel and of all other countries in the Middle East but would also facilitate the early attainment of peace and stability in the region. It should become a common goal for the international community and all parties concerned . Peace between Palestine and Israel can not be achieved without effective international support .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	85	There is an increasing trend not to require evidence of actual completion of travel on lump sum as part of the measures to streamline processes within the organizations of the system . At the United Nations Secretariat and most specialized agencies , proof of travel is still required , but in some funds and programmes ( UNDP , UNFPA , UNICEF , WFP ) and at FAO , IAEA , UNESCO and UNIDO , travellers are instead requested to fill out a declaration and/or eventually keep the supporting documentation and provide it on demand . Relevant officials reason that the lump sum is an entitlement and as such it is part of the benefits and allowances granted to the staff ; these officials/actions favour accountability through self-certification and balance the cost of controls against potential risks of misuse .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	41	Programme expenditure of $ 1 , 461.9 million in the financial statements for the biennium 1998-1999 included cash assistance of some $ 159.9 million that had not been accounted for by Governments as at 31 December 1999 . The Board will keep this matter under review , taking account of the decision of the Executive Board.17 In its report on UNHCR for the financial period ended 31 December 1998 , the Board had recommended that advances to implementing partners be treated as accounts receivable at the time the advances were made and that they be cleared to expenditure on receipt of financial reports .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	59	By December 2008 , the Unit expects to provide services in 4 , 721 legal actions ; to conduct a prison census , which is in the process of being carried out by the Public Prosecutor 's Office ; and to implement a national information system for monitoring trial processes . In the area of justice administration , in keeping with the recommendations of the United Nations special procedures mechanisms , the Supreme Court issued a set of regulations in 2007 ordering compliance throughout the country with the principle of orality in criminal and labour cases so as to replicate the excellent results obtained in justice administration in Cuenca . Moreover , there are new regulations that penalize judicial personnel for slowness in court proceedings .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	29	The secretariat of the Conference shall , in accordance with these rules and any pertinent directives of the General Assembly : ( b ) Make and arrange for the keeping of sound recordings of meetings ; ( d ) Report the proceedings of the Conference in appropriate journals ;
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	79	Moreover , section XI , paragraphs 17 and 20 , had not been faithfully reflected in practice : of the 21 senior posts in the Department of Safety and Security , only two had been filled by staff members from developing countries , and the same imbalance had occurred with posts filled on a temporary basis . The Fifth Committee should be provided with data on the geographical distribution of all Department of Safety and Security posts , in keeping with the spirit of accountability and the arrangements for delegation of authority to which the General Assembly had agreed in the relevant resolutions on human resources management . His delegation had listened to the Secretariat 's response , at the Committee 's 25th meeting , to the questions of the Group of 77 and China regarding enhanced security and access control at United Nations Headquarters .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	35	The opportunity to provide information to the public can arise at any time . There is a risk that on occasion international civil servants may be subject to criticism from outside their organizations ; in keeping with their responsibility as international civil servants , they should respond with tact and restraint . They have the right to be defended by their organizations against criticism for actions taken in fulfilment of their duties and they should be confident that this will be done .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	38	( b ) Distinguish between the provision for contingencies and that for forward pricing escalation , as was done in the previous presentation of the cost estimate for the project ( para. 55 ) ; ( c ) Keep the extent of the provision for contingencies under review in the event of future modifications to the scope of the capital master plan ( para. 66 ) ; ( d ) Maintain a schedule showing the link between the renovation costs and the ( i ) actual value of the signed guaranteed maximum price contracts and ( ii ) estimated value of the guaranteed maximum price contracts to be signed ( para. 68 ) ;
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	35	Fourthly , it is completely incomprehensible to my delegation as to why the draft resolution needs to be adopted under Chapter VII of the Charter . The Council , as it appears , wants to keep the option open of using the present draft resolution to impose its will on Member States which could compromise their sovereign rights . Fifthly , the draft resolution is riddled with ambiguities and many speakers have already highlighted that aspect .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	52	The SCOMET List is currently notified in the Export Policy in Schedule 2 Appendix 3 of the Indian Tariff Classification ( Harmonized System ) { ITC ( HS ) } Classifications of Export and Import Items , 2004-2009 . The list contains all dual-use items and technologies within 8 categories , in keeping with the Government of India requirements. These are as follows : Category 0 : Nuclear materials , facilities and related equipment
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	47	To that end , we believe that it would be helpful to hold an international conference to review the effectiveness of current international instruments in this field and to promote the drafting of new international standard-setting instruments . From our perspective , such an initiative is in keeping with the guidelines of UNESCO 's strategy to promote international cooperation to protect the world cultural heritage . Indeed , it could become a useful tool in addressing new demands in the area of standard-setting and in encouraging Member States to take appropriate measures in this regard .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	23	Members of the Council welcomed the deployment of the first contingent of MONUC at Kalemie . Members of the Council will continue to keep the matter under close observation . Letter dated 30 May 2001 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the Security Council
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	26	It was agreed that the second sentence could be deleted on that basis . However , it was pointed out that it might be important to keep a reference to the “ extension ” of the preliminary order , as that term was not expressly contained in paragraph ( 6 ) . In response , it was suggested that the word “ modification ” implicitly included the right for the arbitral tribunal to extend the preliminary order .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	55	Welcomes , in this regard , the accession by New Caledonia to the status of observer in the Pacific Islands Forum , continuing high-level visits to New Caledonia by delegations from countries of the Pacific region and high-level visits by delegations from New Caledonia to countries members of the Pacific Islands Forum ; Decides to keep under continuous review the process unfolding in New Caledonia as a result of the signing of the Nouméa Accord ; Requests the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples to continue to examine the question of the Non-Self-Governing Territory of New Caledonia and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	30	As Council members can understand , the situation is very serious and I would plead for their continued support for this central element of our Mission . The budget to keep DIS operating for another year currently stands at around $ 17 million . I would like to make a brief comment about justice and prisons .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	19	The Administration maintains a productive facilities inventory of small business industrial concerns that have voluntarily registered . It is kept in each Regional office for the small firms within the region . Purpose of this inventory is to include all eligible productive facilities in SBA 's facilities register so that the small business concerns may have an opportunity to avail themselves of the services authorized by the Congress in establishing the Small Business Administration .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	42	This is the year when each country must draw up a concrete and time-bound national action plan to ensure education for all , as agreed in Dakar in 2000 . This is also the year when the wealthier , developed countries must keep their promises to mobilize additional resources for education . I strongly recommend that the world community take five steps : end child labour and provide free , quality education for all , as the key to social justice , equity and combating poverty ; ensure for the poor a greater share of the world 's income ; engage in global trade with fairness ; work towards sustainable development to sustain humanity ; and promote peace , not as a privilege , but as everyone 's right .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	72	The contribution of such arms to high levels of instability , extended conflicts and social dislocation and their link to drug trafficking , terrorism , transnational organized crime and mercenary and other violent criminal activities is recognized by many SADC member States . There can be little doubt that combating the spread of such weapons can be achieved only through effective international cooperation and by developing strong mechanisms to exchange information , keeping records for effective tracking , considering the issue of proper marking of such weapons to guard against illegal ownership , and developing structures that would enable an expeditious response to tracing requests . While SADC was disappointed that the Open-ended Working Group to negotiate an international instrument to enable States to identify and trace , in a timely and reliable manner , illicit small arms and light weapons could not agree on a legally binding instrument , we are , however , heartened that the politically binding instrument due to be presented to the sixtieth session of the General Assembly contains provisions that we feel will effectively combat their illicit trade .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	51	Colombia , as a whole , is prepared to contribute , to the extent possible , to the world campaign against international terrorism . Finally , it should be mentioned that the Government of Colombia considers the measures that it has taken or will take to combat terrorism must be in keeping with the legislation in force and with the principles and values of a State which , like Colombia , is governed by the rule of law . In particular , such measures should comply with human rights standards .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	42	The general rules identified by the Special Rapporteur in document A/CN.4/525/Add.2 served a useful purpose in that regard . The rule proposed by the Special Rapporteur in draft article 7 ( A/CN.4/525/Add.2 , para. 162 ) was of crucial importance and in keeping with the determination of the binding nature of unilateral acts by the International Court of Justice in the Nuclear Tests case . At the same time , the binding nature of unilateral acts was subject to conditions of validity and causes of invalidity , as identified by the Special Rapporteur in Part One of the draft articles .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	43	The notion of strengthened partnership has been highlighted in both the action plan for Africa adopted by the Group of Eight in Kananaskis in 2002 and the recent report of the Commission for Africa . This requires that Africa and its development partners keep their parts of the bargain , with Africa improving its governance and its partners , including the United Nations system , improving their delivery of support for Africa 's development and improving the monitoring of pledges and disbursements . Improving the delivery of international support for Africa's development
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	42	Livestock includes ( in descending order of quantity ) , poultry , goats , sheep , cattle and pigs . Half of the agricultural production is sold through retail outlets , 42 per cent is sold privately and 6 per cent is kept for household consumption . The St. Helena Fisheries Corporation processes and exports frozen fish .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	118	It has been our hope , a hope that we still entertain , that the Security Council will shoulder its responsibilities and prevail upon Israel to comply with the more than 40 resolutions adopted by the Security Council that call upon Israel to withdraw from the territories occupied in 1967 as a basis for the establishment of a just and comprehensive peace in the region . The Syrian Arab Republic reiterates its willingness to cooperate with the Secretary-General of the United Nations with a view to seeking the best possible ways to realize the hope expressed at the close of his report , namely the achievement of a just and comprehensive peace in the Middle East , in keeping with the relevant Security Council resolutions . As for Syria , finally , what we were hoping to see internationalized and followed up by the Security Council was the question of the Israeli occupation , which constitutes a threat to international security and peace , and not Syrian-Lebanese relations , which respect the goals and objectives of the Charter of the United Nations and are aimed at bringing peace and stability to the region .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	33	We are introducing , together with the World Food Programme , a programme of high-protein food support for those people . We consider that the solution , of course , is not to keep them in those circumstances and we have agreed with the Government of Uganda that the best place further inland — because refugees should not be kept on the border — is in Nakivale , where we already have 16 , 000 refugees and where preparations are being made for people who may want to go . A certain number — exactly 5 , 278 — have registered to go to Nakivale and we will now promote that movement in order to make sure that conditions are effectively provided for dignified support .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	22	UNPOB has been requested to preside over that consultation , which will take place during the last week of August . In keeping with the concerns expressed by the people in the pre-verification consultations , it is essential that efforts be intensified by all concerned to ensure Mr. Ona 's participation in the peace process , or , at the very least , that he maintains his position of respect for that process . UNPOB , for its part , will do all that is possible to help achieve that goal .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	17	There have been terrible epidemics . Only 9 per cent of all health districts have refrigerators for keeping medicines . Since it is impossible to cultivate the land due to the war , 17 per cent of the population ( 14 million people ) are now affected by food insecurity , according to the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations ( FAO ) .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	20	Your work — our work — is not finished . I leave with great hope and encouragement that you will keep it going . Ms. Sydnes ( Norway ) : It is a pleasure to see you , Mr. Foreign Minister , presiding over this important meeting .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Operation in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its sixty-first session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Operation in Côte d'Ivoire ” . 84th plenary meeting 22 December 2006
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	34	( b ) The adaptation and improvement of course content and curriculum in vocational training institutions to meet changing market conditions ; ( c ) Response to changes in demand for education facilities in keeping with demographic and other factors ; ( d ) The number of additional educational facilities or other infrastructural facilities constructed or renovated ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	36	“ It has always been the policy of the United Nations , acting through the Secretary-General , to compensate individuals who have suffered damages for which the Organization was legally liable . This policy is in keeping with generally recognized legal principles and with the Convention on Privileges and Immunities of the United Nations . In addition , in regard to the United Nations activities in the Congo , it is reinforced by the principles set forth in the international conventions concerning the protection of the life and property of civilian population during hostilities as well as by considerations of equity and humanity which the United Nations can not ignore. ”
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	48	Ms. Laohaphan ( Thailand ) said that , at the end of the first United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty , poverty had declined in absolute terms , but progress in eliminating it had been slow and uneven . Member States must redouble their efforts and keep their promises , as more than enough pledges and targets had failed to yield results . Thailand remained committed to partnerships for development , whether in the form of South-South cooperation , or in the form of trilateral cooperation with developed countries and international agencies .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	18	The Council committed itself to adopting clearly defined , credible , achievable and appropriate mandates . Has it kept its commitment ? It is better that we hear comments on this from the United Nations membership outside the Council .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	33	The response to HIV/AIDS is and shall remain a top priority for the EU , both internally and externally . This was made clear by the European Council in the EU Statement on keeping the promise to stop HIV/AIDS of 1 December 2007 on the occasion of World AIDS Day , as well as by the European Council in its conclusions of 21-22 June 2007 , when HIV/AIDS was discussed for the first time ever by our heads of State or Government . European Council conclusions of 23 April 2007 on recently emerging issues regarding HIV/AIDS , called for the implementation of existing commitments within the European Programme for Action to Confront HIV/AIDS , Malaria and Tuberculosis through External Action , adopted in May 2005 , and identified newly emerging issues and barriers that hinder progress in tackling HIV/AIDS and the effective implementation of the European Programme of Action .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	15	We send our peacekeepers even to the most risk-prone areas . We do this in keeping with our Charter commitment and in the spirit of solidarity with our African brethren . Our Blue-Helmet soldiers have been working shoulder to shoulder with our brothers in Africa in restoring peace in this region .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	69	While it is understood that the Ethiopians and the Transitional Federal Government keep many recovered arms for themselves , a certain number are handed over to the Ugandan contingent of AMISOM for storage and destruction ( mines , explosives and ammunition ) . Some arms belonging to warlords who rallied behind the Transitional Federal Government were returned to the Transitional Federal Government , while most of the others were kept at the AMISOM base . From the second half of 2007 until the end of March 2008 , daily armed confrontations in Mogadishu and in most parts of south central Somalia between Shabaab elements and Transitional Federal Government forces/Ethiopian forces led to short-term victories , from which significant numbers of arms of defeated or killed adversaries remained on the ground .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	73	The Group was established by the Secretary-General3 pursuant to General Assembly resolution 56/24 V of 24 December 2001 , entitled “ The illicit trade in small arms and light weapons in all its aspects ” . The Group adopted by consensus a report that examined the nature and scope of the problem posed by illicit small arms and light weapons ; described the existing international and regional initiatives on marking , tracing and keeping records on these weapons ; and discussed the technical , legal and policy issues associated with tracing.4 The report concluded that it was feasible to develop an international instrument to enable States to identify and trace , in a timely and reliable manner , illicit small arms and light weapons . It further recommended that the General Assembly take a decision at its fifty-eighth session on the negotiation of such an instrument .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	10	Businesses financing the Transitional Federal Government To be allowed to keep their operations running , some businesses of cargo transportation , construction , telecommunications and remittances are now financing the Transitional Federal Government . In some cases , those businesses are currently contracting with the Government and have also agreed to surrender their weapons .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	45	Access to antiretroviral therapy is considered a priority for our members in Africa . The greatest service we can provide to any child is to keep his or her parents alive , and vice versa. Is there anything more important for a parent than to keep his or her child alive ? That is exactly what we are trying to help with .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	111	Rather , the ongoing quest for a new resolution stems from the actual need to show the world , and large segments of public opinion practically everywhere , that the means available to the Security Council to peacefully dispose of this matter are well and truly exhausted . In other words , a new draft resolution should help the Iraqi Government to fully understand that the international community is not divided on the straightforward and urgent need for speedy and unhindered inspections to take place in that country , and that it is equally united on the need to hold the Iraqi Government accountable in the event of its failure to keep its word . We hope that the text of such a resolution will display the unanimity of the Security Council , empower the inspectors with an effective mandate and , at the same time , incorporate clear provisions in case of both compliance and non-compliance .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	82	( a ) In the case of a State Party for which the Convention entered into force before 13 May 1999 , it is understood that the ten-year time period referred to in article 4 of Annex II to the Convention shall be taken to have commenced on 13 May 1999 ; ( b ) The general issue of the ability of States , particularly developing States , to fulfil the requirements of article 4 of Annex II to the Convention be kept under review . Fifty-fifth session
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	58	Taking note of the UNHCHR strategic plan and the policy of commitment to countries , technical cooperation on matters relating to the human rights of the indigenous peoples should be strengthened . Bearing in mind the establishment of the Human Rights Council , States should ensure that the subject of the human rights of indigenous peoples should be kept on the agenda of this new body and that the indigenous peoples are guaranteed an important role in future discussions on this topic . The United Nations country teams , in formulating , implementing and evaluating programmes , should accord priority to matters relating to the promotion and protection of the human rights of the indigenous peoples , supporting the idea of the Human Rights Strengthening ( HURIST ) programme in order to ensure greater participation of indigenous peoples in the activities of the United Nations .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	46	In exercise of my powers and in my capacity as Chief Executive , I immediately withdrew Ms. Bonavita 's accreditation as a gesture of no confidence . During its active participation in the work of the Economic and Social Council and its subsidiary organs and in keeping with its commitment to the human rights of indigenous peoples , the Indian Movement has consistently contributed in a constructive manner to the achievement of the objectives and principles enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations . The organization behaves respectfully and courteously towards all States , small or large , at all times , in observance of the rules of conduct set out in Council resolution 1996/31 , and acts within the framework of its competence under article 71 of the Charter .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	46	However , the situation remained fragile , as ethnically motivated incidents and vandalism hampered the return process . While the continuous engagement of the Kosovo Force ( KFOR ) in providing a safe and secure environment was still necessary , the main challenge was not in keeping a physical peace but rather “ mental peacekeeping ” . The majority should take responsibility for the well-being of minorities and minorities should integrate and participate in the institutions established under resolution 1244 ( 1999 ) .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	75	Recently , the world has been giving a great deal of attention to the problem of the proliferation of missiles and missile technology , and there has been talk of a growing so-called “ missile threat ” and of the need to take urgent measures to counteract that threat . One such measure , put forward by the United States , is the creation of a national anti-missile defence system , which is not in keeping with the 1972 Treaty on the Limitation of Anti-Ballistic Missile Systems ( the ABM Treaty ) . We are in favour of taking measures , together with other States , to counteract the proliferation of missiles and missile technologies .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	8	Private non-governmental organizations operating in the Kingdom In keeping with the Qur'anic injunction “ Help each other in righteousness and piety , but do not help each other in sin and transgression ” , believing in the principle of organized popular participation and purposeful and constructive cooperation , and with a view to helping to serve society and develop its institutions , the Kingdom 's Government has endeavoured to ensure that civil society plays a role in this regard . Accordingly , authorization was granted for the establishment of a number of non-governmental organizations operating in numerous fields such as health , women and the family , children , and care of the disabled , etc .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	76	Before concluding , I would like to underscore the particularly important part played by the international donor community in contributing to the Palestinian people in distress significant economic assistance and appreciated emergency assistance , which , now more than ever before , must be increased and intensified in view of the tremendous destruction that has occurred on the ground . Finally , I would like to reaffirm the constant position of our Committee , one in keeping with that adopted by the General Assembly — namely , that the permanent responsibility for the question of Palestine must remain with the United Nations until it is definitively and fully settled . We commend the efforts for the Middle East peace process made by the Secretary-General and his Special Coordinator .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	48	Additionally , the Special Committee took into consideration the relevant documents of other intergovernmental bodies concerned , to which reference is made in the last preambular paragraph of the resolution it adopted on 6 July 1999 ( A/AC.109/1999/26 ) . In 1994 , the Special Committee , in keeping with its consistent goal of limiting documentation and streamlining its report to the General Assembly , recommended to the Assembly that , in preparing the general working papers on the Territories , the Secretariat should , where applicable , incorporate under separate headings those sections relating to economic and other activities which affect the interests of the people of the Non-Self-Governing Territories and those on military activities and arrangements in those Territories . By adopting resolution 49/89 of 16 December 1994 , the Assembly approved , inter alia , that recommendation .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	87	The 1991 Constitution , in accordance with Convention No. 169 of the International Labour Organization , ratified by Colombia by means of Act No. 21 of 1991 , establishes the legal framework that enables the State to recognize and protect the ethnic and cultural diversity of the Colombian nation . Further to this constitutional principle , the Political Charter recognized the equality of all cultures coexisting on national territory , the official status of indigenous languages in their respective territories , the right to an education in keeping with their traditions and customs , a special indigenous jurisdiction to be applied by the indigenous authorities in accordance with their habits and customs , created a special indigenous constituency for the Colombian Senate and Chamber of Representatives and recognized the capacity of the indigenous territories to be territorial entities of the Republic . Progress in the legislative field
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	55	The Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples supplements the framework of norms enshrined in United Nations instruments regarding the promotion and protection of human rights , without calling into question individual rights and fundamental freedoms previously guaranteed . For France , by virtue of the principle of the indivisibility of the Republic and in keeping with the basic principle of equality regarding its corollary , the principle of non-discrimination , collective rights can not take precedence over individual rights . Nevertheless , special treatment may be accorded to indigenous populations on a territorial basis .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	26	State representatives decided Thursday against taking a poll on what kind of taxes Texans would prefer to pay . An adverse vote of 81 to 65 kept in the State Affairs Committee a bill which would order the referendum on the April 4 ballot , when Texas votes on a U.S. senator . Rep. Wesley Roberts of Seminole , sponsor of the poll idea , said that further delay in the committee can kill the bill .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	65	The international community had expressed support for the Venezuelan request in the outcome of the 2005 Fifteenth Iberoamerican Summit , in the final document of the Fourteenth Summit Conference of Heads of State or Government of the Movement of Non-Aligned Countries , and in a statement by the Chairman of the Coordinating Bureau of the Non-Aligned Movement . She wished to recall that , in keeping with Security Council resolution 1373 ( 2001 ) and the General Assembly resolution on the Global Counter-Terrorism Strategy , the United Nations was committed to fighting the scourge of terrorism , a commitment which required transparency and firm action by States to find , deny refuge to , and bring to justice all persons who supported or facilitated terrorist acts or who participated in their financing , planning , preparation or commission . It was to be hoped that States would translate their commitments into concrete action , in a manner respectful of law and conducive to international cooperation .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	59	Mr. Michel ( Mexico ) said that his delegation would have welcomed consultations with Member States prior to the restructuring exercise and was also concerned at the low level of representation of personnel from the Latin American and Caribbean region at all levels . He urged the Secretariat to continue to review staff selection procedures and to act in keeping with the principles of equitable geographical representation and gender balance , both at Headquarters and in the field . Ms. Kim Sung-Hwan ( Republic of Korea ) said that her delegation welcomed the successful reform policies introduced by the new Director-General in the previous six months , including Secretariat reform and the field mobility policy .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	46	Noting that contemporary forms of victimization , while essentially directed against persons , may nevertheless also be directed against groups of persons who are targeted collectively , Recognizing that , in honouring the victims ' right to benefit from remedies and reparation , the international community keeps faith with the plight of victims , survivors and future human generations and reaffirms the international legal principles of accountability , justice and the rule of law , Convinced that , in adopting a victim-oriented perspective , the international community affirms its human solidarity with victims of violations of international law , including violations of international human rights law and international humanitarian law , as well as with humanity at large , in accordance with the following Basic Principles and Guidelines ,
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	62	Third , we must ensure the existence of an exit strategy and a parallel political process , as peacekeeping is part of the political solution , not an alternative to it . United Nations peacekeeping operations should be accompanied by an active political strategy that provides tools for support and backing from the international community so that there is a peace to keep , as the Secretary-General mentioned in his report on the work of the Organization to the sixty-third session of the General Assembly ( A/63/1 ) . Fourth , we must work to enhance trust among peacekeeping parties represented in the Security Council , the TCCs and the Secretariat , as well as trust and consent on the part of the host countries .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	62	It is indeed legitimate for us to ask the United States to distance itself from the aggressive Israeli practices and to apply to Israel the American law that prohibits the use of American weapons against a third party . It is indeed odd that the United States considers Israel to be acting in self-defence in occupied territories , which is not in keeping with Security Council resolutions in whose drafting and adoption the United States itself has participated since the founding of the United Nations . Just and comprehensive peace in our region can be achieved only through the implementation of resolutions of international legitimacy that stress the need for Israel to withdraw from all the Arab territories occupied since June 1967 and to safeguard the legitimate rights of the Palestinian people , including the right to establish their independent State with Jerusalem as its capital .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	32	We are poised to make our laws even tougher through new legislation criminalizing use of the Internet for purposes related to child pornography and the luring of unsuspecting children . We must keep moving ahead with policies and initiatives that put the security of our children first and which stop their abuse , exploitation and endangerment . This is our job not only as leaders and political decision-makers , but also as parents and adults .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	14	Participants concluded that the seminar had been very useful . The imperative was to keep the issue alive and under discussion . It was encouraging to know that the general consensus was that , if embedded in existing systems and both feasible and proportionate , codes of conduct had a utility .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	45	Reiterates its firm support for the mission of good offices of the Secretary-General in order to assist the parties in complying with the request made by the General Assembly in its resolutions on the question of the Falkland Islands ( Malvinas ) ; Decides to keep under review the question of the Falkland Islands ( Malvinas ) subject to the directives that the General Assembly has issued and may issue in that regard . Chapter XII
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	33	2.2 Warehousing and storage Specific regulations are needed for warehousing in order to cover : gunsmith 's shops , security companies , target ranges , shooting galleries and companies specializing in the safe keeping of firearms , private individuals , target-shooting and hunting . Different security measures are required for each type of warehousing , with a complete listing of the cases in which storage is authorized and the various cases in which the manufacture of ammunition is permitted , establishing specific restrictions for such cases .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	22	• Providing transcriptions of debates and other conferences , including plenary sessions • Ensuring audio and video broadcasting of Court sessions , keeping a record of the procedure and making it available for the public , including via Internet • Maintaining the proper judicial archiving of all the material submitted to the Court
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	18	There is no simple solution , certainly not a military one . Peacekeeping forces need a peace to keep , above all in this troubled country . But lack of high-level attention is not an option for Somalia , any more than it is for Darfur .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	95	The Committee emphasized that regional and interregional cooperation and coordination in the field of space activities were essential to strengthen the peaceful uses of outer space , to assist States in the development of their space capabilities and to contribute to the achievement of the Millennium Development Goals ( A/56/326 , annex ) . Some delegations were of the view that the Committee played a notable role in advancing space cooperation and provided a unique forum for the exchange of information among States and that there were tangible opportunities to enhance international cooperation , in keeping with the Committee 's mandate . Some delegations were of the view that in order to further the objective of promoting peaceful uses of outer space , it was important to preserve the principle embodied in article I of the Treaty on Principles Governing the Activities of States in the Exploration and Use of Outer Space , including the Moon and Other Celestial Bodies and that outer space should be used in a rational manner .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	47	The Working Group recalled its previous decision that the form of the record should not be prescribed , but made subject to the “ accessibility standards ” described above ( A/CN.9/575 , paras . The Working Group considered that the proposed requirement for the procuring entity to keep electronically stored information in the record accessible even as technologies changed would be technically difficult . It was agreed that this requirement should continue only until the time for review under article 52 of the Model Law had elapsed .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	61	Among other commitments , the two heads of State agreed to establish diplomatic relations , to reactivate a joint committee charged with the delineation of their two countries ' common borders and to take joint action to address cross-border smuggling activities . The Secretary-General welcomed those constructive decisions and encouraged both parties to begin implementation as soon as possible , in keeping with relevant Security Council resolutions . These positive developments were shadowed by security incidents , which continue to take place in and around the northern city of Tripoli .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	34	The representative of Chile said that the correct procedure had been followed in the consideration of Hadassah . His delegation had voted in favour of recommending status for the organization because it operated in keeping with the principles stipulated in Council resolution 1996/31 . The representative of Israel stated the following :
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	49	India 's contributions of troops and contingent-owned equipment were not a commercial enterprise , but a manifestation of its commitment to the principles of the United Nations Charter . Nevertheless , once a written understanding was in place , his Government was justified in expecting that all sides would keep their commitments . The credibility of the United Nations depended on it .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	29	This meeting is being held at a time when Burundi is in the process of completing its 2002-2006 action plan . The implementation of our plan has been in keeping with the provisions of the Declaration of Commitment on HIV/AIDS , which was signed in 2001 . The organization and coordination of the fight against AIDS in Burundi is based on our awareness that AIDS is a national problem ; indeed , the prevalence rate was 6 per cent in 2002 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	45	Additionally , the Special Committee took into consideration the relevant documents of other intergovernmental bodies concerned , to which reference is made in the last preambular paragraph of resolution A/AC.109/2003/28 , adopted on 23 June 2003 . In 1994 , the Special Committee , in keeping with its consistent goal of limiting documentation and streamlining its report to the General Assembly , recommended to the Assembly that , in preparing the general working papers on the Territories , the Secretariat should , where applicable , incorporate under separate headings those sections relating to economic and other activities which affect the interests of the peoples of the Non-Self-Governing Territories and those on military activities and arrangements in those Territories . By adopting resolution 49/89 of 16 December 1994 , the Assembly approved , inter alia , that recommendation .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	36	But what shall we make of the United Nations in the twenty-first century ? That is indeed the fundamental question raised by the Secretary-General in his report to the Millennium Summit . Should we continue to keep the United Nations locked in the vice of contradictions that exists between Member States ? Should we continue to look on helplessly as its authority is flouted in peacekeeping operations ?
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	38	The March 2003 to March 2004 inflation rate suggests some acceleration ( 11 per cent in Freetown , 9.5 per cent in Bo , 16.5 per cent in Kenema and 22 per cent in Makeni ) . To keep inflation down , it will be necessary to further reduce the need for domestic bank financing of government deficits , while increasing the output of the productive sector of the economy . A sustained high rate of growth will require continued policy reforms .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	35	Requests the Secretary-General to continue to consult with staff , including staff representatives , in the development of mobility policies ; Requests the International Civil Service Commission , within its mandate , to continue to keep under review the question of mobility in the United Nations common system , including its implications for career development , and to make recommendations to the General Assembly , as appropriate , in the context of its annual reports ; Requests the Secretary-General to take the steps necessary to ensure that mobility is not used as an instrument of coercion against staff and to ensure that appropriate monitoring and accountability measures are in place ;
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	28	When a State violated its obligation to take those measures , it should also incur international responsibility . If the current will of the international community was to keep the principles on the allocation of loss in their current form — a set of principles endorsed by a General Assembly resolution — then the content of the articles and the principles would have to reflect their general , “ soft-law ” character more closely . In that case , the principles should be drafted as a true declaration of principles and not as a convention in disguise , and the articles on prevention would also have to be revisited in order to ensure coherence .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	130	My delegations takes this opportunity to express high appreciation to civil-society and private-sector entities — notably the International Chamber of Commerce , the World Economic Forum , the Business Council for the United Nations , the Social Investment Forum and the African Forum for Investment Promotion — for their constant , determined , constructive participation in the preparatory process for the International Conference on Financing for Development , to be held in Monterrey , Mexico , in 2002 . The participation of those entities in the Monterrey Conference preparatory process , alongside the Bretton Woods institutions , the World Trade Organization , the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development , the United Nations Development Programme and States Members of the United Nations , renews our hope that , in keeping with the Millennium Declaration , we are laying the indispensable groundwork for a more peaceful , prosperous and just world . Mr. Bhattacharjee ( India ) : We have read with great interest the comprehensive and informative report of the Secretary-General entitled “ Cooperation between the United Nations and all relevant partners , in particular the private sector ” ( A/56/323 ) .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	56	The agencies of government are now billed for the actual cost of services provided to each passenger car rather than the prior uniform charge for all cars . Whereas the maintenance rotary fund had in the past sustained losses considerably beyond expectations , the introduction of the cost-billing system plus other control refinements has resulted in keeping the fund on a proper working basis . One indication of the merits of the new management is found in the fact that during the period 1951 - 1956 , while total annual mileage put on the vehicles increased 35 % , the total maintenance cost increased only 11 % .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	33	Lastly , the Government should indicate whether it had succeeded in establishing measures to allow pregnant teenagers to continue their studies . She enquired whether the complaints office of the Ministry of Education kept statistics on reports of mistreatment and discrimination , whether sanctions had been imposed in such cases and , if so , of what type . Since women earned on average 35 per cent less than men , it would also be useful to know what measures the Government envisaged to ensure equal pay for men and women in both the private and the public sectors. Details should also be provided on any measures being taken to require cosmetics factories to protect the health of women .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	36	Specific obligations The carrier shall during the period of its responsibility as defined in article 12 , and subject to article 27 , properly and carefully receive , load , handle , stow , carry , keep , care for , unload and deliver the goods . Notwithstanding paragraph 1 of this article , and without prejudice to the other provisions in chapter 4 and to chapters 5 to 7 , the carrier and the shipper may agree that the loading , handling , stowing or unloading of the goods is to be performed by the shipper , the documentary shipper or the consignee .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	31	In recent weeks , Ethiopian villagers and their livestock have been entering the Temporary Security Zone without incident and refused to leave the Central Sector . UNMEE is working hard to keep the situation calm on the ground . On 31 December 2002 , Ethiopia announced that it would close its embassy in Asmara .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	34	This document reviews the implementation of the medium-term programme framework ( MTPF ) for 2006-2009. In doing so , it builds on the information provided in documents IDB.31/6 , IDB.31/CRP.2 and IDB.32/13 . In keeping with the practice employed in those documents , the present document is structured according to UNIDO 's three areas of thematic focus : poverty reduction through productive activities , trade capacity-building , and environment and energy . This reporting on UNIDO 's technical cooperation activities is complemented by a report on the implementation and refinement of UNIDO 's research programme .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	45	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of assistance programmes to the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations decisions relating to decolonization , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly ,
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	65	First , we believe that government ought to create the conditions that allow strong and healthy families to thrive . Consistent with paragraph 1 of article 25 of the United Nations Declaration of Human Rights that “ Everyone has a right to a standard of living for the health and well-being of himself and of his family ” , we believe that government ought to keep the tax burden on families as low as possible . We also believe that government ought to create the conditions whereby it is not necessary for both parents to be in the paid labour force in order to provide an adequate household income .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	34	We shall also constantly review witnesses in order to avoid duplication and wasting the time of the Trial Chambers . A major effort will also be launched to ensure that all trial teams meticulously keep to the Rules of Procedure and Evidence in order to reduce the incidence of motions , which consume a large part of the Tribunals ' time . Internal measures are also being implemented in the Office to enhance the monitoring and supervision of prosecutions as well as to foster a greater sense of urgency on the part of the staff with regard to the work at hand .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	44	Mr. Al-Haddad ( Yemen ) said that the World Summit on Sustainable Development had marked the beginning of collective efforts to achieve a number of specific objectives within strict time frames . In the view of his delegation , the development partners had not kept the time limits established , either for providing necessary resources or for transferring ecologically friendly technologies . In fact , only the bare minimum had been done in order to honour the commitments made in Johannesburg .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	53	Having considered the report of the Commission on the work of the first part of its fortieth session , Reiterating its concern that activities undertaken by other bodies in the field of international trade law without adequate coordination with the Commission might lead to undesirable duplication of efforts and would not be in keeping with the aim of promoting efficiency , consistency and coherence in the unification and harmonization of international trade law , Reaffirming the mandate of the Commission , as the core legal body within the United Nations system in the field of international trade law , to coordinate legal activities in this field , in particular to avoid duplication of efforts , including among organizations formulating rules of international trade , and to promote efficiency , consistency and coherence in the modernization and harmonization of international trade law , and to continue , through its secretariat , to maintain close cooperation with other international organs and organizations , including regional organizations , active in the field of international trade law ,
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	31	At first , RUF fighters did their own mining , or used forced labour . More recently they have developed a modified form of forced labour , allowing local diggers to keep a certain amount of what they find . One system is to make a group of diggers work for the RUF for four days , and allow them to work for themselves for two , with one day off .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	61	Let us get the process under way by displaying political will and determination and striving for the early negotiation and conclusion of a legally binding international instrument on the prevention of the deployment of weapons in outer space and of the use of or threat of force against other outer space objects . We owe it to our future generations to keep space free from weapons and wars . Now we all should make a new contribution to that end .
keep%2:35:10::	keep.v	83	While the Committee notes that the Special Rapporteur on the question of torture has found the availability of medical care in the detention facilities he visited to be generally satisfactory ( E/CN.4/2006/6/Add.6 , para. 77 ) , it also notes with concern new information provided about inter alia the lack of treatment for drug users and people living with HIV/AIDS and regrets the lack of statistical data on the health of detainees ( art . The State party should take effective measures to keep under systematic review all places of detention , including existing and available health services . Furthermore , the State party should take prompt measures to ensure that all instances of deaths in custody are independently investigated and that those responsible for such deaths resulting from torture , ill-treatment or wilful negligence are prosecuted .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	55	They also proposed that the local court personnel , prosecutors and judges receive training in international humanitarian law since this law is constantly evolving and becoming increasingly complex . Since they must ensure that the national courts operate in all fairness with respect for the international norms for the protection of human rights and in keeping with the Statute of the Tribunal , the President and the Prosecutor considered the possibility of international observers and judges participating in the work of the national courts . The International Tribunal can not perform alone the work of justice and memory required for rebuilding a national identity .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	99	Among these , I should like to highlight legislation on domestic violence , sexual harassment and disability ; laws against the sexual exploitation of children ; a legal code for minors and adolescents ; regulations relating to women living in poverty ; laws to ensure special protection for pregnant women and nursing mothers ; and , more generally , laws to ensure the rights of women to full health throughout their entire lives . Costa Rica is standing by the commitment made by President Rodríguez to protect life from the time of conception and to oppose abortion , in keeping with our political Constitution and the culture of our people . Furthermore , the decisions of the constitutional court have clarified and reaffirmed the duty of institutions and of government to orient their actions and policies towards equality and gender equity .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	33	It also states that the two sides must sign a salary statement , written in Arabic and English , as proof that the salary has been paid and received . The sponsor must keep this document and present it on demand . The State is in the process of drafting a bill on domestic service to cover domestic servants and persons with a similar status , and the constitutional formalities for its enactment will be carried out as soon as the draft is completed .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	31	The United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime disagreed with the recommendation because it considered it and the United Nations Office at Vienna to be integrated entities . The Board will keep this matter under review in the current audit cycle . International Criminal Tribunal for the Prosecution of Persons Responsible for Genocide and Other Serious Violations of International Humanitarian Law Committed in the Territory of Rwanda and Rwandan Citizens Responsible for Genocide and Other Such Violations Committed in the Territory of Neighbouring States between 1 January and 31 December 1994
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	51	Mr. Kennedy : I thank the members of the Council for their keen interest in the humanitarian situation in Liberia . This goes directly to the question raised by the representative of Singapore : what can be done to highlight the humanitarian concerns in Liberia and what can be done to keep and expand the humanitarian presence there ? I would offer three thoughts .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	22	However , the right of self-defence is neither unconditional nor unlimited . It must be exercised in proportionate terms , and in keeping with Israel 's obligations under international law . It should not be exercised in such a way that large numbers of Palestinians are made to suffer for the acts of a violent minority .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	50	( a ) Outsource a part of equity investments and utilize index-tracking management in the developed markets for better risk control ; ( b ) Continue to outsource small capitalization equity investments so as to maximize the benefits to be derived from the field research capability of external specialists while keeping the number of members of the Service 's investment team to a minimum ; ( c ) Outsource fixed-income investments and real estate investments to achieve broadened coverage of fixed-income and labour-intensive analysis for real estate with the minimum number of in-house portfolio managers ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	22	In that regard , we welcome the rising trend we have observed in the past two years . That trend is in keeping with the initiatives announced in Monterrey and with the African Action Plan , adopted by the G-8 Summit held in Kananaskis , which was reaffirmed at Evian . That momentum must be continued in order to reach the United Nations goal of devoting 0.7 per cent of gross domestic product to official development assistance .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	110	In the same resolution , the Assembly decided that the elements of the scale should remain fixed until 2006 , subject to the provisions of its resolution 55/5 C , in particular paragraph 2 , and without prejudice to rule 160 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly . In its resolution 55/5 C , the General Assembly , inter alia , established the ceiling at 22 per cent and decided to review the position at the end of 2003 and , depending on the status of contributions and arrears , to determine all appropriate measures to remedy the situation , including adjustments of the ceiling , in keeping with its resolution 52/215 A to D of 22 December 1997 . Scheme of limits
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	48	Bulgaria stated that its Agency for financial intelligence kept a register of questionable clients and payments , but did not indicate whether it required financial institutions to maintain adequate records . Serbia reported full compliance with the provision under review and added that such records had to be kept for a minimum of 10 years . Slovenia also reported that such records had to be kept for at least 10 years after termination of the business relationship or completion of a transaction .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	53	In most countries , quotas for the number of women elected to national parliaments were set at below 50 per cent and often functioned as a “ ceiling ” , stalling women 's progress once a particular figure , such as 30 per cent , had been reached . It was important to keep raising the target figure in order to maintain progress towards full equality . Ms. Urbina ( Honduras ) , referring to a previous question on trafficking and sexual exploitation , said that it was difficult to quantify the extent of the problem , since many cases did not come to the attention of the authorities .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	29	Its stated aims are to prevent , uncover , isolate and eradicate the exploitation of children in sex tourism . Any organization , company or Government taking action in keeping with these aims may join the Task Force and become part of its international campaign . The Universal Federation of Travel Agents ' Associations in 1997 drafted a Child and Travel Agents ' Charter , in which the members and affiliates , “ mindful of the importance of their role in protecting the environment , people , countries and regions to which they send tourists , pledged to exercise the utmost vigilance with regard to such activities of their customers as are brought to their attention ” .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	49	Until the day when nuclear weapons could be eliminated , a universal , unconditional and legally binding instrument on negative security assurances to non-nuclear-weapon States would help to create a climate of trust among States parties . Her delegation supported rapid codification of security assurances , which was in keeping with the advisory opinion of the International Court of Justice on the Legality of the Threat or Use of Nuclear Weapons . Nuclear-weapon-free zones were a means of preventing proliferation and promoting complete disarmament , and Thailand supported their establishment in every region , including Central Asia , South Asia and the Middle East .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	90	The most significant of the responses from international organizations are set forth hereunder . The Board of Governors of IAEA , in its resolution of 12 June 1981 , and the General Conference of IAEA , in its resolution GC ( XXV ) /RES/381 of 26 September 1981 , condemned Israel in the strongest terms , decided to suspend its rights and privileges as a member of the Agency and the provision of any assistance to it under the Agency 's Technical Assistance Programme and requested the Security Council to keep the matter under review . In its resolution 487 ( 1981 ) , the Security Council :
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	70	The forthcoming review of the United Nations New Agenda for the Development of Africa and , more significantly , the adoption by African leaders in July of the New Partnership for Africa 's Development , which provides a comprehensive and coordinated framework for Africa 's development , have implications for the further implementation and monitoring of the Secretary-General 's recommendations . The draft resolution , while stressing the need for keeping the recommendations high on the agenda of the United Nations system and of its Member States , endorses the recommendations entitled “ Suggestions for further actions and measures ” contained in paragraphs 35 to 56 of chapter III of the report of the Working Group . Key among these recommendations is the decision to consider further measures for implementing and monitoring initiatives on Africa , including the ministerial declaration of the high-level segment of the Economic and Social Council of 2001 on the basis of the New Partnership for Africa 's Development .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	27	At the UNEP Regional Office for West Asia , disbursement vouchers were not prepared and approved in respect of petty cash expenses . This was not in keeping with the established guidelines on the use of the petty cash fund , which require that all payments must be supported by disbursement vouchers duly signed by the appropriate certifying officer and must be supported by available receipts . The Administration informed the Board that it has already established a mechanism to comply with the established guidelines on the maintenance of the petty cash fund .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	54	Government Decree 39/1997 on the System of Accounting for and the International Control of Nuclear Materials and the Jurisdiction of Certain Authorities made modifications to further improve the efficiency of record keeping and ensure compliance with the IAEA Safeguards Agreement signed in 1972 . Under Government Decree 39/1997 every organization possessing nuclear material shall keep operating records of all nuclear materials . All movements of nuclear material is recorded and produced to permit for accounting of these materials .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	52	Encourages the Secretary-General to continue to take additional measures to ensure the safety and security of all personnel participating in the Mission under the auspices of the United Nations , bearing in mind paragraphs 5 and 6 of Security Council resolution 1502 ( 2003 ) of 26 August 2003 ; Decides to keep under review during its sixty-third session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Mission in Ethiopia and Eritrea ” . 74th plenary meeting 24 December 2008
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	43	The Egyptian stock market recorded the most negative performance with a decline of close to 40 per cent , followed by the Amman Bourse with a decline of about 20 per cent . The Governments of most ESCWA member countries appear to have kept a tight rein on budget expenditures , thus reducing a positive impact on private sector activities that may have arisen from the higher oil prices . Consequently , business sentiment in the stock markets of these countries was kept subdued .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	46	It can not decide on the merits of a humanitarian claim filed by a non-convention asylum seeker . 5.2 During the second author 's detention , the first author experienced pressure in the context of the uncertainty of her husband 's condition and the necessity to keep the family together . Because they were not allowed to work , the authors encountered financial hardship .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	136	The Committee on Contributions recalled that , in its resolution 55/5 B , the General Assembly had decided , inter alia , that the elements of the scale of assessments contained in paragraph 1 of the resolution would be fixed until 2006 , subject to the provisions of resolution 55/5 C , in particular paragraph 2 of that resolution , and without prejudice to rule 160 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly . In paragraph 2 of its resolution 55/5 C , the General Assembly , having established a reduced ceiling of 22 per cent , decided to review the position at the end of 2003 and , depending on the status of contributions and arrears , to determine all appropriate measures to remedy the situation , including adjustments of the ceiling in keeping with its resolutions 52/215 A to D . In paragraph 1 of its resolution 55/5 B , the General Assembly decided that the scale of assessments for the period 2001-2003 should be based on the following elements and criteria :
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	132	The Advisory Committee notes that , as reflected in both the performance report and the proposed budget , some indicators of achievement in the logical framework for the Mission are formulated in a manner that appears to place the burden of the political impasse on the Mission ( see para. 6 above ) in that they depend on external factors that are beyond the Mission 's control . In this connection , the Committee recalls section II , paragraph 5 , of General Assembly resolution 59/296 , in which the Assembly requested the Secretary-General to ensure that the purpose of the indicators of achievement was not to assess the performance of Member States but , where possible , to reflect the contributions by peacekeeping missions to the expected accomplishments and objectives in keeping with their respective mandates . Resource requirements
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	35	Are the political and regional dimensions which drive the crisis being adequately addressed , and is peacekeeping the right tool to do that ? Is there even , in many cases , a peace to keep ? Peacekeeping , however well resourced , will simply not be sufficient where the parties are not willing to achieve peace .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	32	GRULAC fully supported UNCTAD 's work plan as outlined in section IV of document TD/B/49/7 . It encouraged the secretariat to continue to support other groups of structurally handicapped countries and to keep enriching the inevitable debate on differentiation . The representative of Indonesia , speaking on behalf of the Asian Group and China , recalled that the overarching goal of the Brussels Programme of Action was to make substantial progress towards halving , by 2015 , the proportion of people living in extreme poverty and suffering from hunger .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	60	It affirmed that the ultimate goal was the complete elimination of nuclear weapons . Some six years ago , the unanimously adopted United Nations Millennium Declaration ( resolution 55/2 ) reiterated the commitment of the States Members of the United Nations to strive for the elimination of all weapons of mass destruction , in particular nuclear weapons , and to keep all options open for achieving that aim . The objective factors for the increasing militarization of international relations , a feature of the cold war years , no longer exist. Yet , we are quite far from realizing the goal of the elimination of nuclear weapons .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	81	Ms. Ajamay ( Norway ) said that her Government was particularly concerned about the impunity with which human rights defenders could be attacked or intimidated in all regions of the world . She welcomed the emphasis in the Special Rapporteur 's report on the effects of security and counter-terrorism measures on the work and safety of human rights defenders , and urged all States to ensure that all such measures — which were sometimes counter-productive in any case — were in keeping with States ' obligations under international human rights law . She wondered whether the Special Rapporteur had any suggestions on how the conclusions in her report could be better integrated into the work of the United Nations , including in the promotion of human rights , democracy and the rule of law .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	57	Several delegations highlighted national action to ensure equality of opportunity for women and men , while others called for programmes and measures Finally , let me remind the Assembly that my intention in these remarks was to offer a brief personal observation on the general debate , recognizing that a more thorough presentation would not be in keeping with my duties . I regret that it is not possible for me to reflect in these short remarks the rich ideas , profound insights and far-reaching vision that have been presented by some of the best minds of our world .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	9	Resting sweetly in Jesus ' control . I am kept from all danger by night and by day , And His glory is flooding my soul `` .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	25	and thus paragraph 10 , as proposed by Armenia , would stand , with only this change . This , I think , is in keeping with that the representative of Egypt said . The Chairman : Would the representative of Egypt , having heard the intervention by the representative of Cuba , accept the suggestion that we look at the proposal by Armenia , as amended by Iran and Cuba ?
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	89	Also , these Recommendations reflect fundamental principles in this field to be implemented by banks resulting from individual specific features , institutional structure , offering them a possibility to be flexible . Simultaneously , these Recommendations establish some requirements towards the rules “ Know your client ” which include , but are not limited to policies of client acceptance , policies on client 's identification including of those who activate on their behalf , procedures regarding continuous monitoring of transactions made by clients and procedures on information holding and keeping , etc. ( the compartment 6 of Recommendations “ Know your client ” is annexed — annex nr.1 , 3 pages ) . In order to examine the internal programs of commercial banks on preventing and combating money laundering and ensuring that the programs correspond to the legal provisions in force , the National Bank requested commercial banks to present these programs .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	68	Indeed , how long should anyone , including members of the Security Council , continue to ignore those who support rebel movements that abduct , hold hostage , humiliate , disarm and even hurt and kill United Nations peacekeepers and humanitarian workers ? As we know , many of those peacekeepers are from the developing world , including Africans who have left their homes and families to help keep the peace in our countries under the flag of the United Nations . Today , against the background of the painful events of the past several years , the revelations contained in the report of the United Nations Panel of Experts and the serious humanitarian crisis now emerging along the borders of the Mano River Union States , we are compelled to say , enough is enough .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	35	This joint initiative of the Central Asian countries was announced 14 years ago here in the United Nations at the forty-eighth session of the General Assembly by the President of Uzbekistan . It is in keeping with the desires of the majority of the countries of the world. It was highly commended by the world community and received broad endorsement in the United Nations General Assembly . The signing of the treaty has shown that , on the basis of previous international experience and legal instruments , States can together ensure security , stability and peace in a region and create the necessary conditions for the development and prospering of their people .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	63	In order to further enhance such progress and with the desire to advance the economic integration of the GCC States to a stage conducive to the establishment of a common market and a monetary and economic union , the Council adopted the Economic Agreement between the GCC States , replacing the Unified Economic Agreement of November 1981 . The new Agreement is in keeping with developments and achievements in GCC economic action and is in line with developments in the international economic arena . The Council studied the measures taken for the establishment of a GCC customs union , and it decided to advance its launching to 1 January 2003 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	50	There are many detailed examples . The point which I want to emphasize from the beginning is that Iraq did not spare any effort to implement the obligations imposed on it , in the hope that this would lead to the Security Council taking a position that would be in keeping with its clear obligations vis-à-vis Iraq , just as has been spelled out in the Council 's own resolutions . I have emphasized that Iraq has implemented all the obligations imposed on it by Council resolutions .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	34	This may not seem obvious from a reading of the text . While an attempt could be made to make the meaning of the text more transparent , on balance it seems preferable to keep the same wording that was used in article 7 of the articles on the responsibility of States for internationally wrongful acts . Article 7 considers the case of an international organization acknowledging that a certain conduct should be attributed to it .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	71	Ms. O'Connor expressed her support for international judicial cooperation , noting that the judiciary in developing countries was not necessarily aware of discussions as well as rulings made by other bodies in relation to the subject . She stressed that recent experiences in the Latin American and Caribbean region had underscored the need for States requesting extradition or other transfers to respect national judicial procedure , especially when these were in keeping with accepted standards of due process . She further noted that a seminar at regional level , or to which representatives of regions would be invited , would be useful for sensitisation and education .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	68	The Non-Aligned Movement demands that Israel abide by Security Council resolution 497 ( 1981 ) and withdraw fully from the occupied Syrian Golan to the borders of 4 June 1967 , in implementation also of Security Council resolutions 242 ( 1967 ) and 338 ( 1973 ) . International determination to work towards achieving peace in the Middle East and ensuring that commitments made are commitments monitored and kept is stronger today than ever before . The Arab side has reiterated time after time the readiness and willingness for peace , as stipulated in the Arab Peace Initiative , based on the concept of full land for full peace .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	38	At the SMSP it was agreed , in accordance with paragraph 28 of the final report , that Belgium and Zimbabwe would serve as Co-Chairs of the SC-GSO , with Norway and Thailand serving as Co-Rapporteurs . In keeping with the Convention 's tradition , the Standing Committee meetings proceeded in the spirit of partnership , inclusivity , transparency and practical cooperation . The level of participation , in particular from mine-affected countries , was significant with approximately 350 persons from over 80 countries in attendance at the intersessional meetings , in addition to numerous international and non-governmental organizations ( NGOs ) , including the International Campaign to Ban Landmines ( ICBL ) and the International Committee of the Red Cross ( ICRC ) .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	56	11.28 The effectiveness of the existing labour legislation is limited by employees ' ignorance of their rights as well as by the fear of losing their jobs in what is known to be a competitive labour market . In this regard , employees may choose to accept or tolerate unhealthy working conditions in an effort to keep their jobs . Education of workers on health and safety issues is an area that must be addressed as a matter of urgency .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	42	The Turkish intervention in Cyprus , carried out in accordance with its rights and obligations emanating from the 1960 Treaty of Guarantee , was fully legal and legitimate under the said Treaty . Turkish troops are in Cyprus under legal obligation to keep peace pending a solution and the Turkish military presence on the island is a vital security requirement for the Turkish Cypriot people , particularly in the absence of a comprehensive settlement . The Greek Cypriot representative conveniently chose to overlook the fact that it was the Greek Cypriots who rejected the United Nations Comprehensive Settlement Plan ( also known as the Annan plan ) which had , inter alia , effectively addressed this issue .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	34	A number of countries have effectively limited the spread of HIV/AIDS . In India , AIDS cases were expected to rise steeply , but efforts at an early stage of the epidemic helped to keep the HIV prevalence rate well below 1 per cent . Interventions under the National AIDS Control Project include condom promotion , changing behaviour , community information and education , and targeting vulnerable groups such as sex workers .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	56	Peacekeeping forces and their mandates should not be held hostage to arguments that do not concern them directly . We encourage further dialogue between States parties and signatories to the ICC Statute and those countries that have specific concerns and apprehensions so that such anxieties can be alleviated and a legal solution found that is in keeping with the provisions of the Rome Statute and that also preserves the integrity of peacekeeping operations , since such operations provide a lifeline for peace . Consequently , we all are in duty bound to maintain those peacekeeping operations and strengthen , enhance and consolidate them .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	38	The representative of Spain , speaking on behalf of the European Union , said that the activities report presented by the secretariat was a very important contribution to the Mid-term Review process . This reporting exercise should be kept on the agenda for future sessions . He congratulated the secretariat on its excellent work and its efforts to ensure transparency , particularly through its website .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	41	The strength of the dollar vis-à-vis other major currencies , coupled with productivity gains , enabled inflation to be kept in check . Therefore , despite a scenario of excess demand , low unemployment and credit expansion , interest rates were kept relatively low , which further encouraged growth . This virtuous cycle seemed unstoppable .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its sixtieth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Stabilization Mission in Haiti ” . A/60/176 and Corr.1 .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	34	New lines of action for the centres include a social mobilization and community development programme . In order to guarantee appropriate action on the above-mentioned tasks , Chernobyl 's nexus of problems should be kept on the agenda of the General Assembly and Ukraine 's cooperation with the programmes , funds and institutions of the United Nations system should be expanded . Official Records of the General Assembly , Sixty-first Session , Supplement No. 46 ( A/61/46 ) .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	45	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of assistance programmes to the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations decisions relating to decolonization , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly ,
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	44	It was highly significant that 60 per cent of the population had voted in favour of self-government in free association with New Zealand . His delegation believed that it was not the end of the road and that the current package should indeed be kept on the table . The New Zealand Government 's attitude of cooperation with the Special Committee demonstrated what could be achieved if the attitude of a Territory 's administering Power was constructive .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	82	Set out below is the information requested by the General Assembly on the status of implementation of recommendations contained in the report of the Board of Auditors for the financial period ended 30 June 2007.1 As indicated in the summary of the present report , most of the Administration 's comments have already been included in the Board 's report ; thus , additional comments are provided below only where required . In paragraph 35 , the Board recommended that the Administration keep the matter of the non-provision for delays in the collection of outstanding contributions under review . In paragraph 31 , the Board noted that the policy of the Administration regarding the provision for delays in the collection of outstanding contributions did not follow the United Nations system accounting standards .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	86	The Governments of Nigeria and Cameroon had settled that question amicably by adopting the Greentree Agreement , according to which each inhabitant could either retain Nigerian citizenship with full rights as a foreigner living in Cameroon , or acquire Cameroonian citizenship . By adhering to the Court 's ruling , the Governments had underscored their commitment to international peace and security and their belief that in situations of State succession , the status of natural persons and their right to a nationality must be protected in keeping with international law and international humanitarian law . Mr. Moeletsi ( Lesotho ) said that the Commission had done valuable work in producing the articles at a time when many States were faced with problems relating to State succession .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	77	The transfer of a child into alternative care should be carried out with the utmost sensitivity and in a child-friendly manner , in particular involving specially trained and , in principle , non-uniformed personnel . When a child is placed in alternative care , contact with his/her family , as well as with other persons close to him or her , such as friends , neighbours and previous carers , should be encouraged and facilitated , in keeping with the child 's protection and best interests . The child should have access to information on the situation of his/her family members in the absence of contact with them .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	82	The Council considered the issue of the possible recovery of property for which compensation has been paid in the light of an information note prepared by the secretariat , and requested the secretariat to bring to the Council 's attention any further relevant information on this issue . The Council considered the amendment of environmental claims in the light of two information notes prepared by the secretariat , and referred this issue to a future informal meeting of the Working Group and kept it on the agenda of the Council . After considering the request of the Government of Iraq for the continuation of funding for the provision of technical assistance to Iraq in its review of the remaining F4 environmental claims pursuant to Governing Council decision 124 , in an amount of $ 4 million , the Council adopted decision 226 for the purpose of approving the request .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	69	The General Committee also draws the attention of the General Assembly to section III of resolution 57/283 B regarding the timely issuance of documents in the six official languages of the General Assembly . The General Committee further draws the attention of the General Assembly to resolution 59/313 , in which the Assembly requested the Secretary-General to ensure that documentation and reports are issued well in advance , in keeping the six-week rule for the issuance of official documentation simultaneously in all official languages . The General Committee draws the attention of the General Assembly to resolutions 48/264 and 55/285 , in which the Assembly emphasized that restraint should be exercised in making requests for new reports and requested more integrated reports , and to resolution 57/270 B , in which it recognized the need to avoid requesting duplicative reports from the Secretary-General .
keep%2:31:00::	keep.v	29	Their skin was covered with a thin coating of sweat and dirt which had almost the consistency of a second skin . They roll at night in ashes to keep warm and their second skin has a light dusty cast to it . In spots such as the elbows and knees the second skin is worn off and I realized the aborigines were much darker than they appeared ; as if the coating of sweat , dirt , and ashes were a cosmetic .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	41	( d ) Keep , for the duration of an operation and for at least five years after the date on which the transaction is completed , records of the information and documentation required under article 16 ; ( e ) Keep for a minimum of five years customer identity records , account records , commercial correspondence and records of financial operations enabling a transaction to be reconstructed or concluded . All financial entities will have to record , on a form designed by the competent supervisory and regulatory body , any incoming or outgoing cash transaction , in national or foreign currency , involving over US $ 10 , 000 or the equivalent in colones .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	60	The General Assembly , for its part , also plays an important role in consolidating the rule of law by entrusting to the Court — and thereby strengthening it — specific legal issues on which there is some disagreement . In Mexico 's opinion , the initiative and the text of Serbia 's request for an advisory opinion are in keeping with the framework established in paragraph 2 of article 65 of the Statute of the International Court of Justice . Likewise , draft resolution A/63/L.2 fully meets the requirements set out in the Charter of the United Nations whereby the General Assembly may request an advisory opinion from the International Court of justice on a specific legal question referred to it .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	38	My delegation believes that further progress needs to be made in this area with every effort to implement the previous commitments of the nuclear-weapon States in a transparent , verifiable and irreversible manner . We will also continuously keep an eye on bilateral , trilateral and multilateral arrangements to deal with excess material , such as the Cooperative Threat Reduction agreement , the trilateral initiatives and the G-8 Global Partnership programmes . On the CTBT issue , my delegation reiterates that the CTBT has to enter into force without further delay and that the moratorium on nuclear test explosions should be maintained pending the entry into force of the CTBT .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	61	I would like to conclude by repeating that no reforms of the United Nations will have the effect that we want if the long-sought reform of the Security Council — the organ charged by the Charter with the maintenance of international peace and security — does not happen . Until it happens , we can not talk about an Organization in keeping with the times in which we live , nor can it respond to the interests and aspirations of the international community . Mr. Pamir ( Turkey ) : Before elaborating our views on the two subjects before us , I wish to express our delegation 's sincere sentiments of deep sorrow over the tragic loss of life which occurred as a result of the recent terrorist attacks in Bali .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	65	It also asked about lessons learnt and good practices with regard to managing the transition to democracy in a multi-religious , multi-ethnic and multi-racial society . Saudi Arabia indicated that it carefully studied the national and other reports of Indonesia , and examined the general framework in the first and second NHRAPs , which included practical measures undertaken by Indonesia to strengthen human rights in keeping with cultural and religious values without discrimination on the basis of race , religion or belief . It referred to measures undertaken to strengthen human rights such as the harmonization of national legislation with international human rights norms , the setting up of centres to protect women and children in the provinces , and the revision of law No. 3/1997 on children 's courts and the cooperation with UNICEF .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	27	Democracy is undermined if elected African Governments have policies imposed from outside , leaving their democratic institutions without any real choices . Third , commitments must be kept . This is a point that hardly needs to be reiterated .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	57	In their reports on Ecuador , the Committee against Torture and the United Nations Working Group on Arbitrary Detention drew up recommendations that were related to the protection of personal integrity , including the investigation of cases of torture and ill-treatment of persons in indigenous communities , sexual minorities , women and human rights defenders . In keeping with those recommendations , the Public Prosecutor 's Office has introduced gender mainstreaming as an institutional policy in all its spheres of activity and has created specialized units dealing with domestic violence in some provinces . It should be mentioned that the Office of the Ombudsman has at its disposal national offices for the protection of the rights of women , children and indigenous persons , which are charged with the task of investigating allegations of torture .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	28	National ownership is the key to sustainable peace . That is why United Nations peace operations should rest on the principle that there must be a peace to keep , and why the United Nations efforts are focused on supporting national authorities in their efforts to establish sustainable security . We have also come to recognize that national ownership in post-conflict environments is not a static entity .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	109	Expresses the hope that the Government of Cuba will continue its efforts to boost religious freedom and will initiate measures designed to facilitate the transition towards the establishment of a fruitful dialogue with all schools of thought and organized political groups in Cuban society , notwithstanding the delicate international environment , with the aim of fostering the all-round development of democratic institutions and civil liberties ; Urges the Government of Cuba , within the context of the full exercise of its sovereignty , to cooperate with the Personal Representative of the High Commissioner by facilitating the discharge of her mandate , as other sovereign States must do , in keeping with the purposes and principles set out in the Charter of the United Nations ; Decides to consider this matter further at its sixty-first session , under the same agenda item .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	46	Moreover , the text showed a disregard for the right to due process and the presumption of innocence , which were universally recognized human rights . Nevertheless , her country was firmly committed to the fight against drugs and recognized the importance of international cooperation in keeping with the principle of shared responsibility , and it therefore joined the consensus for the adoption of the draft resolution . Draft resolution A/C.3/61/L.8/Rev.2 was adopted by consensus .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-fifth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Mission in Ethiopia and Eritrea ” . See resolutions 52/215 A and 54/237 A .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	52	Mr. Davide ( Philippines ) , speaking in explanation of vote before the voting , said that the proposed amendment under discussion duplicated the proposed amendment contained in document A/C.3/62/L.71 , which had already been rejected . Paragraph 2 ( d ) was at the very heart of the resolution and in keeping with the spirit of the Covenant . Furthermore , it did not impose a deadline on Member States. It merely set out to defeat the very principles of the draft resolution , and for that reason his delegation would vote against it .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	47	• To coordinate legal and administrative arrangements at the Federal , state and local levels that govern the economic and social development of the coastal zones ; • To put in place a legal structure that will serve the integrated management of the coastal zone , in keeping with the new public policy conception , vision and purposes ; • To arrive at an apportionment and decentralization of the management of the coastal zone so as to further the sustainable management aims of the policy .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	26	However , those efforts were seriously constrained by the shortage of human , material and financial resources . Unfortunately , the international community had failed to keep its promises under the Barbados Declaration to transfer financial resources and environmentally sound technology on concessional and preferential terms to the developing countries . On the contrary , the meagre resources generated by those economically disadvantaged countries were dwindling under the existing unfair and harsh trading arrangements .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	57	Yet , it also stated in its legal opinions that , although it is somewhat difficult to arrive at an exact definition of consensus , the notion is generally understood to mean adoption of a decision without formal vote and without any objection . As regards chairpersons ' role in determining the existence of consensus , in keeping with the practice used in the United Nations , the discretion of the presiding officer in determining whether consensus has been reached is limited . First of all , in the light of the right to exercise a vote given by the United Nations Charter to United Nations Member States , if any Member State formally requests that a vote be taken , such a vote must be taken regardless of the views of the majority , even of a substantial majority .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	46	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of programmes of assistance to the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations decisions relating to decolonization , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly ,
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	26	Endorses the recommendations of the Secretary-General for a phased , gradual drawdown and withdrawal of Mission staff , including arms monitors ; Requests the Secretary-General to keep the Security Council informed of progress towards implementation of the present resolution and to submit a report on this and the implications for the Mission no later than 31 October 2008 ; Calls upon the Government of Nepal to continue to take the necessary decisions to create conditions conducive to the completion of the activities of the Mission by the end of the current mandate , including through implementation of the agreement of 25 June 2008 , in order to facilitate the withdrawal of the Mission from Nepal ;
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	45	He said he was the lonely type and working in a cellar you saw funny things coming out of the cracks in the wall if they was n't nobody with you . So Mr. Crombie sat on a wooden box and talked in order to keep Mr. Blatz 's mind from funny things . At the same time he watched carefully to see how one attached pegboards to stone walls , but Mr. Blatz was usually standing in his line of vision and it all seemed so simple that he did n't like to disclose his ignorance .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-ninth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Interim Administration Mission in Kosovo ” . Committee for Programme and Coordination
keep%2:31:00::	keep.v	35	The female from Central America which gave birth to four was only 3 feet 11 inches long . What data there are on growth indicate considerable variation in rate ; unfortunately , no one has kept complete records of one individual , whereas many have been made for a very short period of time . The results are too varied to allow generalization .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	52	He recognized the extensive support provided by both host countries and donors and expressed the hope that the pledging conference to be held on Friday , 10 November would provide an opportunity to begin fulfilling commitments for 2001 and establish a solid financial basis for UNHCR operations . UNHCR would continue to keep the Committee and the Security Council informed of refugee situations so that decisions would be based on realities in the field . It would also continue to try to find innovative and sustainable approaches to the problems of refugees and displaced persons and would maintain its dialogue with Governments in order to ensure that they applied the relevant international standards in determining the status of refugees and displaced persons .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	38	In a new house , generous roof overhangs are a logical and effective solution . If the house you plan to buy or build won n't have big overhangs , you can still do a fair job of keeping the sun off walls and windows with properly designed trellises , fences and awnings . Shade trees , too , are a big help , so keep them if you can .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	98	It is recalled that by its 1999 decision 20/19 B , the UNEP Governing Council decided to convene the first intergovernmental review of the implementation of the Global Programme of Action for the Protection of the Marine Environment from Land-Based Activities ( GPA ) , which will be held in Montreal , Canada , from 19 to 23 November 2001 , and requested the UNEP Executive Director to organize , in cooperation with Governments , United Nations bodies and agencies and other relevant organizations , an expert group meeting to facilitate the preparation for the review . In keeping with that request , an Expert Group Meeting to prepare for the first Intergovernmental Review Meeting on implementation of the GPA was held at The Hague , from 26 to 28 April 2000 . The experts noted that since the adoption of the GPA in November 1995 positive developments had taken place related to the protection of the marine and coastal environment in some regions , which had contributed to the implementation of the GPA .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	60	In July 2000 , four sets of regulations under the amended law came into force . They include : the specifications of a “ proper lodging ” ; the maximum amounts that an employer may deduct from the worker 's salary by way of reimbursement of the employer expenses on lodging ; the documents that the employer is required to keep ; details concerning the employer 's reporting obligations . The amendment also introduced compulsory fees on employers of foreign workers .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	79	To date , she has filed six motions involving 10 accused , requesting that seven be transferred to the courts of Bosnia and Herzegovina , two to Croatia and one to the State Union of Serbia and Montenegro . A Trial Chamber has been tasked to review those requests for 11 bis transfer , and , when it ultimately deems some or all of those requests to be appropriate , the resulting transfers will be of real assistance in keeping the Tribunal on schedule for compliance with the completion strategy . Using the 11 bis process to integrate Bosnia and Herzegovina , Croatia and Serbia and Montenegro into the process of bringing offenders to justice will have benefits that go well beyond a reduction of the Tribunal 's caseload and promotion of the completion strategy .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	34	Mr. Adamou ( Niger ) ( spoke in French ) : The Republic of the Niger firmly believes in one indivisible China : the People 's Republic of China . Our position is in keeping with General Assembly resolution 2758 ( XXVI ) and with the purposes and principles of the United Nations Charter , in particular non-interference in the internal affairs of Member States . Accordingly , the delegation of Niger supports the recommendation of the General Committee not to include the question of Taiwan in the agenda of the sixty-second session of the Assembly .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	75	In order to comply with the provisions of decisions 11/COP.1 , 1/COP.5 and 9/COP.7 , the secretariat sent reminders to organs , funds and programmes of the United Nations system , and to accredited IGOs , inviting them to submit their reports . Based on established practice , the secretariat requested NGOs to submit their contributions directly to their national focal points so as to ensure that the reports would encompass civil society input in keeping with the “ bottom-up ” approach . Accordingly , most NGOs channelled their reports through their national focal points directly into their respective national reports .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	41	When developing countries help by sending troops , they should be able to get support from the developed countries that have resources for training and equipment . Finally , we increasingly have to deal with warlords or States that refuse to keep the commitments that they have made in peace agreements . Credible and respected peace agreements are the key to the effectiveness of the United Nations action .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	71	At the administrative level , the Weapons Division of the Ministry of Public Security , in coordination with the Customs Department of the Ministry of Finance , regulates the entry into the country of hazardous materials that could be used for the manufacture of explosives . Before such materials could be removed from the customs bonds , the Customs Department requires , firstly , that they be entered in a register kept by the Weapons Division ; secondly , an annual licence issued by the Weapons Division ; and , thirdly , the express approval of the Division contained in a technical note . At the inter-institutional level , the Weapons Division actively participates in the activities organized by the National Chemical Weapons Authority .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	40	MONUC and the United Nations system have stepped up their activities and are undertaking a thorough review of measures to support Congolese efforts to prevent and respond to sexual violence and to hold perpetrators accountable . I will continue to keep the Security Council informed of developments , including on the finalization of a comprehensive mission-wide strategy , the United Nations accelerated common action plan . As the present report indicates , MONUC components continue to focus on helping the Democratic Republic of the Congo make progress towards the broad benchmarks outlined in my previous report .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	47	In that regard , he commended the Government of New Zealand for its efforts . He too believed that it was not the end of the road and that the current package , which had the support of 60 per cent of the population , should be kept on the table . He was sure that , if further discussions were held between New Zealand , Tokelau and the Special Committee , it would not be long before the people of Tokelau had another opportunity to vote on their future status .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	88	Regarding the implementation of the Millennium Declaration , my delegation is grateful for the report by the Secretary-General ( A/59/282 ) , which provides us with an updated account of such processes , addressing both “ hard threats ” and “ soft threats ” , some of which were not anticipated when the United Nations was first created . Since the year 2000 , when my delegation joined the international community in pledging its support for and commitment to the Millennium Declaration , my delegation has tried to keep its promise . On the development front , Thailand is pleased to report the fulfilment of its MDG commitments , which have resulted in the realization of most of the Goals .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	21	As important as they are , international covenants do not represent an end in itself . To make peace or to keep the peace after the conclusion of hostilities , we need a more comprehensive assistance package for countries emerging from conflict , which would include training , monitoring , infrastructure and capacity-building for good governance . That is why we consider one of the greatest achievements of this year 's world summit to be the constitution of a United Nations peacebuilding commission .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	24	It also welcomed the accession by New Caledonia to the status of observer in the South Pacific Forum . The General Assembly decided to keep the process unfolding in New Caledonia under continuous review . Notes
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	26	The situation becomes sensitive to the smallest of provocations and susceptible to the recurrence of violence . While peacekeeping missions primarily seek to restore normalcy and keep peace , they also need to manage peace until a point of sustainability is reached , from where the relevant national Governments can take it up . Post-conflict peace management is crucial to ensure the continued solace of security to peoples in order to heal the wounds inflicted .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-eighth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Mission of Support in East Timor ” . A/58/192 and Add.1 .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	66	The exchange of foreign currency may only be made at banks or financial institutions , authorized money dealers at the Seychelles International Airport or with cashiers in hotels . Every person who engages in any trade , business or activity with a non-resident shall keep such accounting and other records as would sufficiently explain the transaction with the non-resident and shall cause the records to be kept in such a manner as may be directed by the Central Bank . The Central Bank has the power to cause an inspection of the accounting and other records of any person who engages in any trade business or activity with a non-resident to ascertain whether that person is complying with the provisions of the Act .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	11	Action taken : The legal framework for an IAEA compatible record keeping system of nuclear material was established in Hungary in 1971 . Government Decree 39/1997 on the System of Accounting for and the International Control of Nuclear Materials and the Jurisdiction of Certain Authorities made modifications to further improve the efficiency of record keeping and ensure compliance with the IAEA Safeguards Agreement signed in 1972 .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	65	Furthermore , the Assembly would decide that the Ad Hoc Committee established by resolution 51/210 of 17 December 1996 should continue to elaborate a comprehensive convention as a matter of urgency and should continue its efforts to resolve the outstanding issues relating to the elaboration of a draft international convention for the suppression of acts of nuclear terrorism . The Ad Hoc Committee would also keep on its agenda the question of convening a high-level conference under the auspices of the United Nations to formulate a joint organized response of the international community to terrorism in all its forms and manifestations . The Assembly would further decide that the Ad Hoc Committee should meet from 28 January to 1 February 2002 and that the work should also continue , if necessary , during the fifty-seventh session of the General Assembly , within the framework of a working group of the Sixth Committee .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	29	On 21 December 2001 , the Romanian Parliament adopted a decision concerning the country 's participation in the International Security Assistance Force for Afghanistan . This decision is in keeping with the attitude consistently promoted by Romania within the United Nations of providing concrete support for the global organization 's initiatives . Romania 's participation in this type of activity , under United Nations auspices , is a practical argument for Romania 's position of principle .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	11	Mandate of the Committee The Assembly requested it to continue to keep under review the situation relating to the question of Palestine and to report and make suggestions to the Assembly , the Security Council or the Secretary-General , as appropriate . The Assembly also requested the Committee to continue to extend its cooperation and support to Palestinian and other civil society organizations in order to mobilize international solidarity and support for the achievement by the Palestinian people of its inalienable rights and for a peaceful settlement of the question of Palestine , and to involve additional civil society organizations in its work .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	54	It illustrates the importance that the Kingdom attaches to protecting the gains it has realized in respect for human rights , its commitment to international agreements , and its determination to fulfil its obligations and undertakings to foster and protect human rights in accordance with the Constitution of the Kingdom of Bahrain . In keeping with its commitment to human rights Bahrain has acceded to the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination , the Convention on the Rights of the Child , the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women , the Convention against Torture , and , recently , the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights . As we observe International Human Rights Day , the great principles and lofty ideals contained in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights , above all recognition of the fundamental dignity of all members of the human family and the equality and inalienability of their rights , should be foremost among our priorities and the starting point for our activities .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	19	Do start fires one or two hours ahead of time to obtain a lasting bed of glowing coals . Keep ashes from one barbecue to the next to sprinkle over coals if they are too hot , and to stop flames that arise from melting grease . Do line barbecue fire bowl with heavy foil to reflect heat .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	37	It must request that Israel , the occupying Power , abide by all the provisions of the Fourth Geneva Convention . Both sides must work together in order for the Israeli withdrawal to be successful , in keeping with the road map and as a preliminary phase to further withdrawals , and in order to begin final status negotiations so as to arrive at a just , lasting and comprehensive settlement , in accordance with the approach set out by the road map and adopted by the Security Council . The President : The next speaker is the representative of Yemen , to whom I give the floor .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	49	On 21 December 2007 , by resolution 1793 ( 2007 ) , the Security Council decided to exempt from the restrictions the travel of any witnesses whose presence at the trial is required . At the Committee 's request , the Registrar of the Special Court has agreed to keep it informed of the travel of any individuals pursuant to resolution 1793 ( 2007 ) . At its informal consultations on 30 May 2008 , the Committee considered a letter from the Permanent Representative of Sierra Leone containing his Government 's recommendations concerning individuals on the travel ban list .
keep%2:35:10::	keep.v	44	Thus remand in custody could be considered arbitrary if it is not necessary in all the circumstances of the case and proportionate to the ends sought , for example , to prevent absconding or interference with evidence . It recalls that every decision to keep a person in detention should be open to periodical review , in order to reassess the necessity of detention and detention should not continue beyond the period for which a State party can provide appropriate justification . In the present case , the State party has provided as justification for the author 's detention its general experience that asylum seekers abscond if not retained in custody .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	56	And more importantly , it has brought justice to victims , helped build peace and promoted reconciliation by supporting judicial institutions responsible for pursuing and trying war criminals in the former Yugoslavia . However , in order to preserve the Tribunal 's achievements and to enable it to fulfil its mission , the international community must keep up its support in several areas . First , the Tribunal must be provided with all necessary means to complete its proceedings fairly and expeditiously .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	100	In order to review and finalize the mandatory requirements and the recommendatory guidance part still to be developed , as well as the necessary conference resolutions , addressing other relevant maritime security issues , another ISWG meeting had been agreed to be held from 9 to 13 September , before the Maritime Security Conference was expected to adopt the new maritime security provisions . In considering how best to integrate maritime security into the long-term goals and objectives of the organization and to ensure that it remained a high-priority item for the foreseeable future , MSC 75 had agreed to keep the issue on its own agenda and to establish a Working Group on Maritime Security , if and when its was considered necessary . Further consideration to developing a strategy on maritime security was to be given at a future date , when the report of a meeting of the Chairmen of MSC and the Marine Environment Protection Committee ( MEPC ) and their subsidiary bodies on the review of the subcommittee structure would be available , which might provide some guidance on the way forward on the issue .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	19	Assessment of programme strategies : lessons learned . Commitments made at district and community levels have often not been kept with regard to support for capacity-building and the delivery of services . A major lesson learned was that programme resources are insufficient for quality implementation in all 19 districts as envisaged in the MPO .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	78	Urge the international and regional financial institutions to make support for countries dependent on the fulfilment of their commitments to adopt affirmative-action policies that contribute to the preservation of , and respect for , the lands on which people of African descent have traditionally lived . Request UNDP to give priority to people of African descent in its annual Human Development Report in order to give an overall picture of their situation and provide indicators that are in keeping with their cultural particularities . Access to employment
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	17	Suggested amendments : ( 1 ) In the first sentence , delete the words “ and in keeping with rule 39 of its provisional rules of procedure ” . ( 2 ) In the first sentence , insert the words “ members of the ” before the words “ Security Council ” .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	10	Training - 1999 : Training on the Operations on Peace Keeping , organized by the United States Defense Institute of International Legal Studies - 1999 : Training on the Right and Management
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	24	Does your State have institutionalized machinery to review the legality of new types of weapon , methods of warfare and military doctrine ? In keeping with article 36 of Additional Protocol I of 1977 , as well as other provisions of international law , Mexico has machinery which reviews the lawfulness of the manufacture , purchase , transfer , storage , sale , import , export , possession and carrying of weapons , ammunition and explosives . To this end it has a National Security Council whose task it is to lay down and articulate policy in this area , on the basis of the National Security Act published in the Diario Oficial on 31 January 2005 .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	15	Financial institutions should not maintain anonym accounts or fictive name accounts . Information maintaining and keeping procedures should include , at least , the following : • maintenance of an identified customer registry for a period of at least five years ( that would include at least : customer 's name ; fiscal code ; account 's number ; opening date ; closing date ) ;
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	40	In order to overcome the existing situation , the Ministry for Human Rights and Refugees undertook a number of activities to establish a singe database . Gender centres meet regularly with statistics institutes representatives , pointing at a need for keeping certain statistics and their classification by gender ( e.g. statistics institutes keep statistics on numbers of criminal verdicts or on numbers of managers of education , health care and other institutions , but the results are not classified by gender ) . Gender centres launched a number of researches - the most important was the B-H Gender Barometer - conducted by statistics institutes , but the practice has not become the regular task .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	52	Underlining that 2006 marks 60 years of the United Nations action against racism , including three United Nations decades against racism whose programmes of action have largely not been achieved , as well as five years since the Durban Conference of 2001 , Saluting the laudable efforts of the Caribbean Community to keep the Durban spirit alive and foremost in the conscience of the international community and , in this regard , welcoming the historic resolution 61/19 of the General Assembly , adopted unanimously on 28 November 2006 , in which the Assembly decided to designate 25 March 2007 as the International Day for the Commemoration of the Two-hundredth Anniversary of the Abolition of the Transatlantic Slave Trade , Taking note of the resolution proposed by the Third Committee to the General Assembly ( A/C.3/61/L.53/Rev.1 ) , adopted as orally amended on 22 November 2006 in which the Third Committee recommended that the Assembly convene the Durban Review Conference in 2009 ,
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	50	( p ) Reducing or limiting military forces in the border areas to a minimum level compatible with friendly and good-neighbourly relations and consistent with the principle of mutual and equal security ; ( q ) Reduction , limitation and decision on ceilings on military forces and armaments to be kept by each side in the border areas ; ( r ) No military exercises of specified levels shall be held in mutually identified zones limiting the scale , scope and number of military exercises in the border areas ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	56	The unit had been increased in size to enable it to provide protection for the United Nations Mission in the Sudan and peacekeepers . A major thoroughfare in Khartoum had been closed at the request of a mission which had not been under any threat but which had indicated that such a move would be in keeping with its Government 's worldwide security plan . Thus Sudan was not only fulfilling its commitments but was prepared to go even further than was necessary in order to meet its obligations .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	It hoped that when the Mission 's mandate expired in February 2004 , the Security Council would take account of the findings of the assessment mission which the Group understood the Secretary-General wished to dispatch . The situation in the country should be kept under constant review . In paragraph 4 of its report on the proposed budget for the United Nations Mission in Côte d'Ivoire ( A/58/538 ) , the Advisory Committee had expressed the view that the Mission had too many organizational units and had recommended consolidation of the Political Affairs Office with the Civil Affairs Office .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	90	Requests the Committee to continue to exert all efforts to promote the realization of the inalienable rights of the Palestinian people , to support the Middle East peace process and to mobilize international support for and assistance to the Palestinian people , and authorizes the Committee to make such adjustments in its approved programme of work as it may consider appropriate and necessary in the light of developments and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its sixtieth session and thereafter ; Also requests the Committee to continue to keep under review the situation relating to the question of Palestine and to report and make suggestions to the General Assembly , the Security Council or the Secretary-General , as appropriate ; Further requests the Committee to continue to extend its cooperation and support to Palestinian and other civil society organizations in order to mobilize international solidarity and support for the achievement by the Palestinian people of its inalienable rights and for a peaceful settlement of the question of Palestine , and to involve additional civil society organizations in its work ;
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	34	Serbia reported full compliance with the provision under review and added that such records had to be kept for a minimum of 10 years . Slovenia also reported that such records had to be kept for at least 10 years after termination of the business relationship or completion of a transaction . With regard to the prevention of the establishment of banks having no physical presence or affiliation with a registered financial group ( para. 4 ) , Croatia quoted applicable legislation .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	29	Up to now , international involvement in Timor-Leste has been a success story . A great deal of effort has been expended , and much has been achieved in keeping the peace and building the nation . It is important that we continue to make steady efforts towards the successful completion of UNMISET 's mandate by June of next year , as scheduled .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	43	In some police stations visited , the delegation was also informed that the police have an obligation to provide an arrest sheet for the detainee within 24 hours of the arrest . At the time of the visit , the records were mainly kept manually . The SPT notes the information provided by senior police officers that an electronic system of recordkeeping has started to be implemented .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	74	In that regard , article 213 requires the national executive branch , through the appropriate agencies , to design and develop an operating plan including preventive measures at the national level to keep the banking and financial system from being used to launder funds and economic assets deriving from the commission of crimes specified in the Law or from activities related thereto . The General Act on Banks and Other Financial Institutions , in keeping with the thrust of other current legislation and accepted principles of effective banking supervision , mandates banking practices and procedures that promote high ethical and professional standards to prevent the use of the banking system by criminal organizations . For that purpose , under article 226 of the Act a National Financial Intelligence Unit ( UNIF ) was created within the functional structure of the Office of the Superintendent of Banks and Other Financial Institutions ( SBIF ) . The Unit functions as a central clearing house ; it receives , analyses and classifies reports of suspicious activities submitted by the institutions , firms and individuals subject to its supervision and forwards them to the Public Prosecutor 's Office .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	77	Consistent with the Group of Eight Action Plan to enhance African peacekeeping capacity , where regional and subregional organizations show promise and member commitment , the United States provides assistance to enhance both ongoing peace-support activities as well as long-term training and infrastructure requirements . For example , the United States has been pleased to provide over $ 10 million to assist with South Africa 's efforts in Burundi , where South African peacekeepers have helped to keep an unsteady peace process on track for over a year . Also with regard to the African Union , the issue of human rights atrocities and the need to end the culture of impunity in African States such as the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Burundi is before the Security Council and the United Nations .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	32	He had listened carefully to the criticisms that had been made and would be happy to provide further information during the informal meetings . The Chairman said that the item would be kept open as had been requested but reminded members of the need to respect the deadlines agreed to by the Committee for the conduct of its business . The meeting rose at 12.35 p.m .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	24	( b ) Receive , translate , reproduce and circulate documents of the Review Conference ; ( c ) Make and arrange for the keeping of sound recordings of meetings ; ( d ) Arrange for the custody and proper preservation of the documents of the Review Conference in the archives of the United Nations ;
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	76	The revised proposal submitted by the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya with a view to strengthening the role of the United Nations in the maintenance of international peace and security was referred to in the general exchange of views , held on 17 February 2009 , as well as at the 2nd meeting of the Working Group of the Whole , on 18 February 2009 . The delegation of the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya requested that the proposal be kept on the agenda of the Special Committee and be transmitted to the Sixth Committee . Consideration of the revised working paper submitted by Belarus and the Russian Federation
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	81	Even if it is still an aspiration to achieve the sustainability of forest management through increasing the profitability of forests , it is also seemed adequate to use tools been applied in other areas such as revenues on deposit bonds in the stock markets , factoring , discounts on bills and exports , securities , etc. but they were not discussed in detail . Some participants suggested to cluster the comments according to thematic areas nevertheless it was finally decided to keep the present format due to time constraints for the presentation of the report to the UNFF . Some participants also mentioned that Official Development Assistance continues to present obstacles , nevertheless there was not an specific debate on the issue during the meeting since it has been previously considered in previous meetings .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	32	Australia is fully committed to the work of the UNSCR 1540 Committee in ensuring global implementation of this resolution , including , where appropriate , by providing assistance to others . In keeping with this commitment , Australia provides the following responses to the issues raised in Ambassador Motoc 's letter of 19 August 2005 . National legislation and other legal measures Australia has implemented or intends to implement to prohibit non-State actors to manufacture , acquire , possess , develop , transport , transfer , use nuclear , biological weapons and their means of delivery as well as attempts to engage in any of the foregoing activities , participate in them as an accomplice or assist them .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	73	The Secretary-General would accordingly provide the Special Committee with the necessary facilities and servicing for the performance of its work . As regards the activities related to the Repertory of Practice of United Nations Organs referred to in paragraphs 7 and 8 of draft resolution A/C.6/58/L.18 , the Secretary-General , in his report “ Strengthening of the United Nations : an agenda for further change ” ( A/57/387 and Corr.1 ) , in keeping with the goal of ensuring that the Organization devotes its attention to the priorities set by Member States and in view of resource limitations , indicated in action 10 ( d ) that the Repertory should no longer be produced by the United Nations . Accordingly , no provision was included for this purpose in the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	47	Noting further that contemporary forms of victimization , while essentially directed against persons , may nevertheless also be directed against groups of persons who are targeted collectively , Recognizing that , in honouring the victims ' right to benefit from remedies and reparation , the international community keeps faith with the plight of victims , survivors and future human generations , and reaffirms the international legal principles of accountability , justice and the rule of law , Convinced that , in adopting a victim-oriented perspective , the international community affirms its human solidarity with victims of violations of international law , including violations of international human rights law and international humanitarian law , as well as with humanity at large , in accordance with the following Basic Principles and Guidelines .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	23	The Commission had also decided to keep the situation of human rights in Kyrgyzstan under review . The Commission had further decided to keep the situation of human rights in Uzbekistan under review and to appoint an independent expert to report to it under the confidential procedure established in accordance with Council resolutions 1503 ( XLVIII ) and 2000/3 . For the text , see chapter II , section B , decision 2005/102 .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	22	The first Inter-Committee Meeting of Human Rights Treaty Bodies had successfully discussed improvements to the State reporting process . The decision to keep the Committee machinery in New York had been important , as it would enable a large number of States parties to maintain their dialogue with the Committee . A number of developing countries would have been unable to do so had the Committee 's secretariat moved to Geneva , because they had no representation there .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	67	The Committee is concerned that in the Netherlands the definition of an unaccompanied minor seeking asylum does not conform to international standards and may make access to basic services more difficult for the child while in the country . It is also concerned that the determination and rejection of a significant and increasing proportion of applications for refugee status through the 48-hour accelerated procedure are not in keeping with article 22 of the Convention and international standards . Finally , the Committee is concerned that children whose applications for refugee status have been rejected are detained in closed camps with limited possibilities for education and leisure activities .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	44	Notes the intention of the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly , during the second part of its resumed fifty-fourth session , a preliminary expenditure report for the Mission for the period from 6 August 1999 to 30 June 2000 ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-fourth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo ” . Working Party on the Medium-term Plan
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	43	C. Institutional and human rights infrastructure The United Nations country team in the Congo in 2008 pointed out that the institutional framework in the Republic of the Congo had been established by the Constitution of 20 January 2002 , which was generally in keeping with international instruments for the protection of human rights . With the election of the President in May 2002 , various institutions ( the National Assembly , the Senate , the Constitutional Court , the High Court of Justice , the Auditor-General 's and Budgetary Discipline Department , the Economic and Social Council , the Freedom of Communication Council , the National Human Rights Commission , the Office of the Mediator of the Republic ( Ombudsman ) ) had been set up in a process that had been completed by March 2005 .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	30	Department responsible : Department of Management Status : In progress Priority : High Target date : Second quarter of 2009 In paragraph 61 , the Board recommended that the Organization keep under review the question of the accounting treatment of uncollected assessed contributions . The General Assembly , by its resolution 53/204 , endorsed the comments made by the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions in its report A/53/513 , including the Advisory Committee 's view that assessed contributions are collectable until the Assembly decides otherwise .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	39	He called on the Government to ensure that there would be no repetition of such violence at the July 2003 National Assembly elections . Finally , he urged the United Nations and the Government to establish a tribunal in keeping with international standards to try the remaining Khmer Rouge leaders . All countries must rise to the challenge of implementing the right enshrined in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and further elaborated in the international human rights instruments .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	82	The General Assembly had also decided , in accordance with past practice , to waive the requirement that at least one quarter of the members of a Main Committee should be present in order to declare a meeting open and to permit the debate to proceed . Efforts should be made to reduce the number and the length of resolutions adopted ; resolutions should not request reports from the Secretary-General unless they were necessary to facilitate implementation of those resolutions or to keep an item under examination . In addition , the Main Committees should merely take note of the reports of the Secretary-General or of subsidiary organs which did not require a decision by the Assembly .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	46	The TAMPEP action focuses on prostitutes originating from countries outside the E.U. Special leaflets in Greek , Albanian , and Russian have been printed for the information of women prostitutes . The aim of the Umbrella Project in Greece has been to control , study and keep records of the epidemiological data on AIDS and Sexually Transmitted Diseases in relation to foreign prostitutes , in the areas along Greek-Albanian borders and the large urban centres of Athens and Thessaloniki . For the needs of the programme , special leaflets have been printed in 3 languages ( Greek , Albanian and Bulgarian ) and are distributed together with condoms and lubricants as well as a monthly informational newsletter to prostitutes .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	78	I have read with extreme interest your report on the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon ( UNIFIL ) covering the period from 17 January to 12 July 2002 . While commending your sustained efforts to maintain stability and security in the region , I am pleased to also commend the work carried out by the officers and staff of UNIFIL in effectively monitoring the situation in the region , a task that plays an important role in keeping the calm in the area from which Israel withdrew in May 2000 . The Government of Lebanon is keen to preserve the calm in that area .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	30	Invites Member States to provide information to the Working Group at its twenty-seventh session , in 2002 , about measures taken to suppress or prevent debt bondage ; Decides to keep the question of debt bondage under consideration and to assess the progress achieved at future sessions , with a view to the total elimination of this abhorrent practice ; Expresses its gratitude to Governments , organizations and individuals , including young students , who have contributed to the Fund and encourages them to continue doing so ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	34	These documents appear to have been transmitted by the Chairman of the Commission of Inquiry to the Union des forces de changement . This action shows that the Commission 's procedure is developing in keeping with the adversarial principle . The Government notes , however , that this procedure is one-sided .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	73	The Human Rights Commission had been given an Equal Employment Opportunities Commissioner and the Government had almost doubled the budget of the Equal Employment Opportunities Trust , which existed to promote good management practice in business . The Government was considering measures to protect those whose jobs were contracted out or whose employers taken over by requiring that they should be able to move with their jobs to a new employer , while keeping their original employment terms and conditions . Legislation providing for equal pay for work of equal value had been repealed in 1990 , and the labour market had been deregulated .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	59	It would appear that failure to comply with this treaty could be seen as a message of confidence to a special type of terrorist — those who act as the secret partner of the imperial Power . The released terrorist could have been kept in detention for immigration offences , or he could have been arrested for extradition in keeping with the request submitted by our country and in accordance with the aforementioned agreement. But in this case procedures were all ignored , indicating manifest complicity on the part of those who act immorally in their public actions . It must be recalled that resolution 1373 ( 2001 ) , in both paragraphs 2 ( c ) and 3 ( g ) , prevents States from giving safe haven to those who commit terrorist acts and prohibits recognition of claims of political motivation as grounds for refusing requests for the extradition of terrorists .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	43	The claimant has explained that he was at his beach chalet at the time of the invasion and that it was too dangerous for him to return to his house . He further explained that his personal safe where the watch had been kept in his home had been forced open and that all the contents were missing after liberation . He also submitted a photograph of the broken safe .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	39	This is my first report to the Secretary-General since assuming the post of High Representative for Bosnia and Herzegovina ( as well as that of European Union Special Representative to Bosnia and Herzegovina ) on 26 March . In keeping with past practice , the present report assesses progress made towards attaining the goals outlined in previous reports , reviews developments during the reporting period , and provides my assessment of mandate implementation in the most important areas . Considering the decision of the Steering Board of the Peace Implementation Council in February 2008 specifying five objectives and two conditions that must be met by the authorities of Bosnia and Herzegovina before transition from the Office of the High Representative to the European Union Special Representative can be concluded , I have focused my efforts on facilitating progress in these areas .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	42	Achieving the target quality and rate of expansion of the HNP will require providing basic training to at least 1 , 400 cadets per year , plus an additional number to allow for personnel attrition . For this process to be in keeping with professional standards , the duration of the basic training programme for HNP officers should be 10 months , including seven months of course work and three months of field training . The immediate consequence of this is that the current training capacity is inadequate for both the period of the HNP reform and development , and beyond .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	123	As part of the justice reforms , the Legal Aid Act was amended in 2005 to provide for a legal aid fund and to enable the Legal Aid Board to carry out its operations in an efficacious manner . Key initiatives under the Access to Justice programme include improving communication , cooperation and coordination among justice institutions and other stakeholders ; increasing competence and motivation of personnel in justice agencies and institutions ; improving accessibility of justice agencies and institutions , especially by the poor and vulnerable women and children ; improving the legislative process and policy and framework affecting the administration of justice ; increase public awareness of human and civil rights and of judicial procedures and remedies ; and improving record keeping and information management within and across justice agencies and institutions . In recent years , human rights ' training has been incorporated in the training syllabi of law enforcement personnel and recruits .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	70	Mr. BENJABER ( Morocco ) , also referring to the Human Rights Watch statement , repeated that the anti-personnel mines still stockpiled by Morocco were used solely to train engineers and initiate them in mine clearance , and that there were no other minefields in Morocco than those which had been laid along the defensive line to secure the southern provinces . Moreover , that defensive wall was fully in keeping with the requirements set out in article 5 , paragraph 2 ( a ) , of the Protocol , since the perimeter was marked and it was supervised by military personnel and protected by a fence or other means so as to effectively prevent entry by civilians . He invited the representative of Human Rights Watch to study Morocco 's reports for 2003 and 2004 more closely , and expressed regret that she had not seen fit to raise her concerns with the Moroccan delegation , which had nothing to hide .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	62	accounting policies - the specific principles , bases , conventions , rules and practices adopted by UNOPS in preparing and presenting financial statements ; accounting records - the manual or computerized records of assets and liabilities , monetary transactions , and supporting documents ( such as contracts , checks , invoices , and vouchers ) , which an organization is required to keep for certain number of years ; accounts payable - represent the current liability , the monetary value of which an entity owes to contractors for goods or services purchased on credit ;
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	53	The Afghan Government has so far failed to project its authority into such districts as Nauzad , Sangin , Kajaki and Baghran even when community leaders have demonstrated courage in defying the Taliban . A credible strategy is needed to enlist the support of tribal leaders and their communities for Government initiatives to keep the peace , restore basic services and meet urgent humanitarian needs . A successful counter-narcotics policy in Helmand , Uruzgan and elsewhere will depend on the re-establishment of governance and strong community engagement .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	35	Invites the Special Rapporteur to provide updates , as appropriate , of his reports on the situation of human rights in Afghanistan to the General Assembly and the Commission on Human Rights ; Decides to keep the situation of human rights in Afghanistan under consideration at its fifty-seventh session , in the light of additional elements provided by the Commission on Human Rights and the Economic and Social Council . 88th plenary meeting 19 December 2001
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	37	A working group headed by the Deputy Director of the police force had been established in 2006 to implement the national programme in the area of violence against women and domestic violence . The police information centre kept a record of crimes committed against women , and training seminars were held for all staff handling such cases . An interdepartmental working group formed in 2007 was also working on a draft law on domestic violence .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	42	This resolution reaffirms the elements contained in resolution 1999/55 , in particular the importance of national statistical capacity-building and sufficient international support . It also calls upon “ United Nations funds and programmes , functional and regional commissions and specialized agencies to keep under review the full range of indicators used in their reports and information networks with full participation and ownership of Member States , with a view to avoiding duplication , as well as ensuring transparency , consistency and reliability of these indicators ” . In particular the Council requests an urgent review by the executive boards of the United Nations funds and programmes of the CCA indicator framework .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	16	proscribed organizations ; and other terrorist groups or organizations ? Court statistics on terrorist crimes are kept since the beginning of 2003 . In 2003 there were no court proceedings for crimes under Article 108a ( terrorism ) .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	29	Penalizing speech by means of criminal law has a long history . In many countries that history is closely tied to sedition , and has been more concerned with keeping the peace than with protecting reputation . According to modern thinking , a clear distinction should be made between protecting reputations and preventing or penalizing breaches of the peace .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	22	Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations ( A/ES-10/280 and Add.1 ) The President : In keeping with the established practice , I should now like to invite the attention of the General Assembly to document A/ES-10/280 , which contains a letter addressed to the President of the General Assembly from the Secretary-General , informing the Assembly that 15 Member States are in arrears in the payment of their financial contributions to the United Nations under the terms of Article 19 of the Charter . May I take it that the General Assembly duly takes note of that information ?
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	81	Regarding domestic violence , the majority of police complaints are resolved through police mediation or referral to Mediation Boards and there is very limited use of the Domestic Violence Act . The International League for the Rights and Liberation of People ( LIDLIP ) noted that in violation of the legal provisions , unauthorized detention centres continue to be maintained , arrests are not reported to courts and to the National Human Rights Commission , nor are relatives informed , records kept , or places of detention revealed . AI was also concerned about the reported lack of procedural safeguards in relation to the arrests and detention .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	41	On 26 June 2008 , UNOCI staff were informed about the accidental discovery of 20 rounds of 7.62 x 39mm ammunition in Grandbapleu , near the town of Man . This ammunition was collected by the Bangladeshi battalion of UNOCI and kept under its custody . The Group requested and obtained photographs of the ammunition and analysed the markings on the head-stamps of the cartridges in order to extrapolate as much information as possible .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	25	Departing visitors may take with them any foreign and local currency and securities that they brought into the country . It is recommended that visitors keep receipts for major currency exchange transactions in case they need to exchange currency again before leaving the country . Climate
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	74	The international community must lend assistance in this respect , but the Bosnian political authorities can not shirk their responsibilities . By officially and sincerely promoting the fight against corruption and organized crime , by encouraging the independence of the judiciary , and by taking every practical measure to accelerate the return of minority groups , Bosnian leaders will be making a contribution to the construction of a modern police force , more in keeping with European standards . Further , to strengthen coordination and the effectiveness of its civil activities , the international community invited the High Representative , in agreement with UNMIBH , to make proposals .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	50	That situation was exacerbated by breaches of the administrative rules resulting in unfair human resources practices that further undermined the recruitment procedure for nationals of countries of the South . Moreover , such practices were used by political missions and peacekeeping operations to serve interests that were not always in keeping with the mandates granted by the General Assembly . In order to put paid to any accusations of bias in crisis situations , it was important for there to be no more deviations from the mandates of peacekeeping missions .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	89	Please provide updated information of the situation of rural women and indicate the measures carried out by the Government to improve their access to health , education , employment and their participation in decision-making processes at all levels ANES proposed through the National Strategy for Equal Opportunities between women and men for the period of 2006-2009 measures to facilitate access for women in risk of being socially excluded , as rural women , to health assistance services , initial or continuous training to help them manage to find and keep a job . The Strategy contains objectives regarding :
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	24	For us , democracy is not in contrast with efficiency . In any case , with 22 applications for membership , we can not keep to the status quo . In the case of a consensual decision for only a limited expansion of the membership , we would support the criteria that new members should be considered according to priority based on the date of application for membership and according to the interest shown by the applicants as observers in the work of the Conference .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	36	At a time of many calls on the attention and resources of the international community , it is necessary to plan the next steps in the Balkans on the basis of objective analysis . If you keep doing what you have been doing , you will keep getting what you have got . Let us recognize that the strategy of exclusion from Europe together with piecemeal military intervention has been a failure .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	45	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of assistance programmes to the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations decisions relating to decolonization , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly ,
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	96	With the exception of the Middle East , there has been no other region of the world , throughout the history of the United Nations , where so many peace operations have been deemed necessary as the region south of Slovenia and north of Greece . We thus not only have an interest in creating the conditions for the success of the present United Nations missions in Kosovo and in Bosnia ; we have a strong interest in assisting a region where the peace is kept by others to become a region where the peace is kept by the region itself . But we must all recognize that we have a long way to go .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	70	While some sources indicate that the flow of foreign direct investment increased in some African countries , there was a clear decrease in others and , moreover , most of the increase was only concentrated in the area of the exploitation of natural resources . It is high time for the international community , particularly the developed countries , to go beyond simply stating their concerns to implementing solutions and keeping their commitments . For Cuba , Africa is very close to our hearts ; it is part and parcel of what we are .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	68	Executive Heads will continue to draw upon the programme of work of the Economic and Social Council , as well as issues before intergovernmental bodies of the system , to formulate the CEB programme of work and strongly support the Council 's initiative to invite groups of Executive Heads to take part , on a regular basis , in dialogues with the Council . CEB will continue to keep the Council regularly informed of inter-agency coordination , utilizing its annual overview reports to bring to the attention of the Council and intergovernmental bodies of the system , major developments of system-wide interest . In the context of this reform process , several decisions were taken to further the unity of purpose and coherence of actions within the system .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	45	As the result of succession after former Czech and Slovak Federal Republic ( previously the Czechoslovak Socialist Republic/Czechoslovak Republic ) , the Slovak Republic has become the State party to the Convention on 28 May 1993 , with retroactivity from 1 January 1993 . In keeping with the provision of Article 18 paragraph l , in 1995 , the Slovak Republic prepared the initial report on the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women . In 1998 , it was updated and in June 1998 the report was debated in the Committee for the Elimination of Discrimination against Women .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	35	Civil servants employed before 1 January 1976 must be offered employment as civil servants under the Greenland authorities . If the civil servant does not wish to accept the offer , the civil servant will keep his employment within the State sector , but will be obliged to accept secondment to the Greenland authorities . The Commission recommends , with a few amendments , that the regulatory basis as laid down in the above legislation regarding personnel employed on civil servant conditions should also apply in connection with the assumption of fields of responsibility under a new Act on Greenland Self-Government .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	66	Last July we held here the first Biennial Meeting of States to Consider the Implementation of the 2001 Programme of Action on Small Arms and Light Weapons in All Its Aspects . We are still quite far from achieving our objectives , both nationally and internationally , but we believe that that biennial meeting injected new vigour into the efforts that we must all make to keep our commitments . We repeat our position , put forward at that meeting , that the purposes and code of conduct put before Member States in the first two articles of the Charter must be crucial for securing peace and understanding among the nations of the world .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	35	Moreover , the existing teaching and non-teaching staffs and those fulfilling their tasks along the remote and hardscrabble regions must be given incentive cash in serving their job in the regions . In order to keep school teachers remain performing their jobs in those regions , the program also plans to build residential buildings for teachers as part of the Physical Facilities Development Program in educational field . Question 45. In addition to the information provided in the State party 's report ( para. 651 ) , please provide further details on the special educational programmes for children with disabilities and indigenous children .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	19	Government employees may still utilise parental leave as the special unpaid leave following maternity leave . This is in keeping with the Government 's Policy for increasing health and safety at the workplace . 12.32 Sexual Harassment at the Work Place
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	64	In 1993 , the General Assembly adopted resolution 48/26 , by which it established an Open-ended Working Group to consider the question of equitable representation on and increase in the membership of the Security Council . However , as we all know , the efforts of the Working Group came to a dead end as a result of privileged Council members ' insistence on keeping their privileges . When we speak of equitable representation on and increase in the membership of the Security Council and related matters , we should seriously consider all the factors that affect the performance of the Security Council and prevent it from carrying out its mandate to maintain international peace and security , in particular the right of veto , which only the permanent Council members enjoy .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	23	Welcoming the recent signature of the Second Optional Protocol by some States , Welcoming also the fact that many countries , while still keeping the death penalty in their penal legislation , are applying a moratorium on executions , Referring to the report of the Special Rapporteur on extrajudicial , summary or arbitrary executions ( E/CN.4/2001/9 and Corr.1 ) with respect to the safeguards guaranteeing protection of the rights of those facing the death penalty , set out in the annex to Economic and Social Council resolution 1984/50 ,
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	41	The Working Group may also wish to recognize that informal records of potentially suitable suppliers may be maintained by procuring entities . If the definition of a list is not sufficiently broadly defined , then entities may escape the controls by keeping an informal list , and the controls may not therefore be of universal application , a matter that may affect public confidence in the procurement process . If the Working Group were to consider that the use of mandatory lists should also be permitted ( with the aim of improving efficiency ) , it may decide that new articles should include controls to secure competition and transparency .
keep%2:40:09::	keep.v	90	It appears that late or new entrants , especially those with small economies ( e.g. most LDCs ) , will find it much more difficult to establish a significant export presence relative to the successful early arrivals . Rapid changes in technology , organization of production and information exchange , and management practices in electronics manufacturing and trade in response to fast-changing customer demand and preferences , changes in income , product innovation and differentiation , and intense price competition make it extremely challenging for even the existing players to keep their market share . Labour-intensive assembly-type operations have acquired the characteristics of commodity production , with prices falling over time .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	32	The Chairperson also announced publicly that the Commission had decided to discontinue consideration of the situation of human rights in Bolivia , Djibouti and Honduras . The Commission had also decided to keep the situation of human rights in Uzbekistan under review and to appoint an independent expert to report to it under the confidential procedure . The Commission also decided that the decision concerning Paraguay , which had been before the Commission under the confidential 1503 procedure from 1978 to 1990 , should also be made public .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	40	In many States , however , this was not an effective mechanism given the absence of a non-possessory security device . For example , a seller that transferred ownership of an asset title to a buyer would then have to keep or retake possession of that asset as a pledge . By contrast , other States have long permitted sellers to take non-possessory security , often in the form of a so called “ chattel mortgage ” .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	45	In the context of such a transfer of responsibilities , the disposition of the remaining funds currently in the escrow account would need to be determined by the Security Council . Consistent with the provisions already adopted by the Council , the funds could be kept until such time as all issues are finally resolved . Alternatively , they could be released without delay to the Development Fund for Iraq .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	69	Let me quote him even more fully , for his analysis is important to my theme . He says : `` Beside the Protestant philosophy of Progress , as expressed in radical or conservative millenarianism , should be placed the doctrine of the democratic faith which affirmed it to be the duty of the destiny of the United States to assist in the creation of a better world by keeping lighted the beacon of democracy '' . He specifies , `` In the middle period of the Nineteenth Century it was colored by Christian supernaturalism , in the Twentieth Century it was affected by naturalism .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	58	The Special Rapporteur recalled that it was merely a freedom , given that the Commission had not made it conditional on the incompatibility of a reservation with the object and purpose of the treaty , and that the Vienna Conference had followed the Commission in that regard despite the doubts of some delegations . That approach was in keeping with the spirit of consensus pervading all of treaty law , in the sense that a State could not unilaterally impose on other contracting parties the modification of a treaty binding them by means of a reservation . Limiting the freedom to make objections exclusively to reservations that were incompatible with the object and purpose of the treaty would render the procedure for acceptance of and objections to reservations under article 20 of the Vienna Convention ineffective .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	40	A Trial Chamber has been tasked to review these requests for 11 bis transfer . If the Trial Chamber ultimately deems some or all of the requests to be appropriate , the resulting transfers will be of real assistance in keeping the Tribunal on schedule for compliance with the completion strategy . The special chamber of Bosnia and Herzegovina 's State Court will soon be ready to accept transferred cases of lower- and intermediate-level officials .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	15	The Government Diamond Office maintains a digital database . The external evaluator has also been keeping an Excel file of export data for use in analysis . The Office has uploaded data to the Kimberley Process database , as required .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	53	Having considered the reports of the Commission on the work of its resumed fortieth and its forty-first sessions , Reiterating its concern that activities undertaken by other bodies in the field of international trade law without adequate coordination with the Commission might lead to undesirable duplication of efforts and would not be in keeping with the aim of promoting efficiency , consistency and coherence in the unification and harmonization of international trade law , Reaffirming the mandate of the Commission , as the core legal body within the United Nations system in the field of international trade law , to coordinate legal activities in this field , in particular to avoid duplication of efforts , including among organizations formulating rules of international trade , and to promote efficiency , consistency and coherence in the modernization and harmonization of international trade law , and to continue , through its secretariat , to maintain close cooperation with other international organs and organizations , including regional organizations , active in the field of international trade law ,
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	52	At its 13th meeting , on 9 July 1999 , the Special Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly that the Committee continue to be represented at seminars , meetings and conferences organized by United Nations bodies and other intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations active in the field of decolonization . In keeping with its decision of 22 February 1998 , the Committee would authorize its Chairman to hold consultations , as appropriate , concerning its participation in those meetings , as well as the level of representation , when accepting invitations . In accordance with established practice , the Chairman would hold consultations with the Bureau members who , in turn , would consult with the members of the Committee from their respective regional groups .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	12	At present , the system has 14 satellites in operation . In keeping with a purpose-oriented federal programme , by the year 2010 GLONASS will have its full complement of 24 space vehicles . In 2004 , the satellites of the Nadezhda series continued to operate within the space segment of the International Satellite System for Search and Rescue ( COSPAS-SARSAT ) .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	45	However , the need for efficient and effective management should not be overlooked . While the European Union welcomed the progress made in that regard , the Tribunals must continue to maximize their efforts to rationalize their operations and increase their efficiency in order to keep to the timetables set out in their respective completion strategies . In that connection , updates on the Tribunals ' efforts to address some of the issues highlighted by the General Assembly at its sixtieth session should have been included in the performance reports .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	12	The trucks today help pay for this highway . They try to keep within the speed limits . Although today 's trucks are as fast as passenger cars , a truck driver has to be a sensible person and guard against hogging the road .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	24	It is important for children that their parents have support from other adults . Parents living in extreme poverty often make enormous efforts to keep their families together . While these efforts often go unseen , some parents benefit from support from extended family , community members , committed volunteers , and institutions such as schools .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	45	The Special Rapporteur recalled that he had not strongly supported the draft article from the beginning . However , he was of the view that article 3 , with improved wording ( including replacing “ ipso facto ” with “ necessarily ” ) should be kept . He noted that many members considered article 3 to be the point of departure of the whole draft and that it reflected the basic principle of continuity .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	53	However , 4 requesting States Parties did not submit their requests until some time much later than March 2008 . The decisions of the 7MSP state that “ the President , upon receipt of an extension request , should inform the States Parties of its lodgment and make it openly available , in keeping with the Convention 's practice of transparency. ” On 4 April , the President wrote to all States Parties to inform them of the requests that had been received and instructed the ISU to make these requests available on the Convention 's web site . The President subsequently kept the States Parties informed of additional requests or revised requests received and ensured that these were available on the Convention 's web site .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	59	However , it had subsequently discovered that the term was an inadequate description of many of the holding patterns that the draft Convention should address . For example , the Nordic countries , Spain , Brazil , Colombia , China and Malaysia had developed what were known as “ transparent systems ” , in which the central securities depository kept securities accounts for identified investors and knew what kinds of transactions were taking place . Such hybrid holding patterns had been satisfactorily taken into account in the current version of the draft Convention .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	50	It welcomed the progress made in UNIDO in the implementation of IPSAS , and encouraged the relevant task force to continue its efforts to complete IPSAS implementation by 2010 . Noting the increase in the availability of extrabudgetary resources , especially during 2007 , the Group stressed the importance of keeping strictly to the thematic priorities in seeking and using such resources , and ensuring transparency in their management . Turning to the medium-term programme framework , 2010-2013 , he said that GRULAC sought clarification from the Secretariat regarding the use in document IDB.35/8/Add.1 of the term “ inclusive globalization ” , which seemed to be replacing “ capacity-building ” as a new thematic priority .
keep%2:35:10::	keep.v	39	According to information on national television , some 30 prostitutes said that they had been raped by Malabo policemen in June 2001 . The prostitutes filed a complaint with the Ministry of Social Affairs and stated that the policemen kept them in detention for over one week , raped them and stole their money . EQUatorial guinea in the field of human
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	28	The Special Rapporteur welcomes the progress made on the issue of access for humanitarian operations . The Special Rapporteur deems that special courts in Darfur are not in keeping with international human rights standards and encourages the Government to explore alternative ways of dealing with the situation in the region . The Special Rapporteur believes that the United Nations should play a stronger political role in the Sudan , with a view to supporting the current peace process with a view to achieving a durable and sustainable peace .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	37	Participation in United Nations Summits , Conferences , Meetings Commissions The ICW is conscious of the privilege of being in relationship with the ECOSOC and the UN system , which is the sole institution , empowered to keep Peace in the world and without peace no progress will ever be possible . The ICW presents an efficient network ready to disseminate the Resolutions , Decisions and other texts adopted by the United Nations and , on the other hand , the ICW is able to bring to the public attention the voices of weaker women groups who have not at their disposa1 the means or making their voices heard .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	80	On 10 July 2002 , at its 235th meeting , the Committee took up requests from Bahrain and Qatar to operate passenger marine services to Iraq . Since the existing ferry service of the United Arab Emirates was , according to the briefing given to the Committee by the Coordinator of the Multinational Interception Force , functioning with some irregularities , the Committee decided to request MIF to provide the Committee with an update regarding the current situation and to keep the items on the agenda until more information became available . At the Committee 's 241st meeting , on 5 November , MIF expressed concern that the ferry service between Iraq and the United Arab Emirates had been found to be carrying large amounts of illicit cargo to Iraq .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	68	In those countries the frightening statistics regarding the number of people living with AIDS , dying daily and being seropositive point to a health crisis rarely known in the history of humankind . Given the considerable financial needs of developing countries in accessing treatment , only a significant increase in allocated resources and resolute political commitment at the highest levels in our countries will make it possible to keep that promise . Until recently , Niger had been relatively spared from the scourge of AIDS .
keep%2:31:00::	keep.v	34	It was also imperative to take firm measures against the insubordination of some policemen who tended to forget that the police constitutes the right hand of Justice . Normally , the commissioner should be kept informed of those being kept in custody . Unfortunately , in real life , people are kept in police stations for months without a hearing before a judge .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	50	Also , by law , suspects had a right to the assistance of counsel from the preliminary investigation phase , in order to guarantee that any person brought before a court had a fair trial . Lastly , Mali had ratified virtually all the international human rights instruments , in keeping with its determination to promote the rights and dignity of the human person . The effective implementation of those instruments , which presupposed the support of the relevant national institutions , also required greater regional and international cooperation in the struggle against human rights violations and Mali was ready to contribute to such cooperation .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	47	UNU-ILI explained that that was due to the premature departure of three of its programme officers . The Board is concerned that the lack of documentation and monitoring would provide no assurance that the project implementation was in accordance with objectives and targets , that expenditures were kept within the approved budgets , and that outputs were delivered within the timetables and were commensurate with the amount of funds utilized . UNU agreed with the Board 's recommendation : ( a ) to tailor its programme planning , budgeting , monitoring and evaluation in accordance with the results-based budgeting concepts ; and ( b ) to maintain a complete and updated central file for all projects pursuant to the guidelines issued by the Central Monitoring and Inspection Unit .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	92	The Minister had spoken in favour of a dispassionate effort to arrive at a comprehensive agreement acceptable to all the parties involved in any way in the dispute . He had likewise stated that the Spanish Government was willing , within the framework of sovereignty negotiations , to facilitate the establishment of close and fruitful cooperation between Gibraltar and the surrounding area , so that the provision of services could be placed on a more rational footing and be mutually beneficial , provided that the economic model of Gibraltar was fully in keeping with European Union norms . The Spanish Government favoured the creation of “ virtuous circles ” of cooperation , enabling all the parties concerned to collaborate , making concessions and reaping positive benefits on a non-zero-sum basis .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	69	It should be noted in this regard that proceeds and property liable to confiscation will frequently be deployed so as to produce income and other benefits ( e.g. illicit profits placed on deposit or invested in shares on which dividends are paid ) . While it may be argued that these benefits derive from lawful transactions , paragraph 5 of article 12 aims at ensuring that offenders do not keep the benefit of their use of illicit proceeds . On the question of whether their domestic legislation enabled , for the purpose of eventual confiscation , the identification , tracing , freezing or seizure of items liable to confiscation , all responding States reported that their legislation was in compliance with this requirement , except for Ecuador and Mexico , which reiterated , mutatis mutandis , the position indicated on the question of confiscation ( see paras. 59 and 61 above ) .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	26	Today we are one month further along . In that month the achievements of August have not been reversed : in those areas the Government has kept its promises . However , that is not good enough .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	49	Pursuant to the 7MSP agreement that the President and the Co-Chairs and Co-Rapporteurs of the Standing Committees would jointly prepare analyses of the requests submitted , the States Parties mandated to prepare these analyses met for the first time on 11 March 2008 and several times thereafter . In keeping with the Convention 's practice of transparency , all States Parties were notified of the working methods agreed to by the States Parties mandated to prepare analyses and chair 's summaries of meetings were made available on the Convention 's website . In addition , in accordance with the decisions of the 7MSP , the States Parties were notified by the 8MSP President of the receipt of requests and all requests were made openly available on the Convention 's website .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	28	He told me he vowed right then that if he ever got to be a star , this never would be said of him '' . Mantle has kept the vow . Among all the Yankees , he is the veteran most friendly to rookies .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	47	Noting further that contemporary forms of victimization , while essentially directed against persons , may nevertheless also be directed against groups of persons who are targeted collectively , Recognizing that , in honouring the victims ' right to benefit from remedies and reparation , the international community keeps faith with the plight of victims , survivors and future human generations , and reaffirms the international legal principles of accountability , justice and the rule of law , Convinced that , in adopting a victim-oriented perspective , the international community affirms its human solidarity with victims of violations of international law , including violations of international human rights law and international humanitarian law , as well as with humanity at large , in accordance with the following Basic Principles and Guidelines .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	100	Also recalling with satisfaction the adoption by the Review Conference of the States Parties to the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons Which May Be Deemed to Be Excessively Injurious or to Have Indiscriminate Effects , on 13 October 1995 of the Protocol on Blinding Laser Weapons ( Protocol IV ) , and on 3 May 1996 of the amended Protocol on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Mines , Booby Traps and Other Devices ( Protocol II ) , Recalling that the States parties at the Review Conference declared their commitment to keeping the provisions of Protocol II under review in order to ensure that the concerns regarding the weapons it covers are addressed , and that they would encourage the efforts of the United Nations and other organizations to address all problems of landmines , Recalling also the role played by the International Committee of the Red Cross in the elaboration of the Convention and the Protocols thereto ,
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	46	We believe those will help keep us focused in the correct strategic direction and offer general guidance on the practical level . We must now take care of those mechanisms to ensure that they are effective , binding and flexible and that they always act in keeping with the principles and purposes of the United Nations Charter . We must remember that security matters are of a priority nature , and cooperation in military and political areas should be sustained and coordinated .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	24	The UNESCO draft international declaration on human genetic data covers important ground on genetic privacy and non-discrimination . The Council may wish to be kept informed of developments in the elaboration of this instrument . It may also wish to continue considering the various implications of this question on ethical , legal , medical , employment related and other aspects of social life , and to advocate for assistance to be provided to countries in need to better deal with these issues .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	95	Since security in Europe is linked to security in the Mediterranean and the Middle East , the EU attaches particular importance to non-proliferation and disarmament issues in that region and , in this context , reiterates the urgent necessity of the universalization of the NPT and of the entry into force as early as possible of the CTBT . The EU calls again on all States in that region to make the Middle East into an effectively verifiable zone free of nuclear weapons and other weapons of mass destruction and their delivery systems , in keeping with the resolution on the Middle East adopted at the 1995 NPT Review and Extension Conference . A solution to the Iranian nuclear issue would contribute to global non-proliferation efforts and to realizing the objective of a Middle East free of weapons of mass destruction , including their means of delivery .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	95	Under article 1 , 571 , § 2º the spouses may keep their married name in the case of dissolution of marriage by divorce or conversion , except as otherwise provided for in the judicial separation decree . It is interesting to notice that , even when the spouse is found guilty in the action for separation , he will only lose the right to keep the other spouse 's family name if such spouse so requires , and so long as the change does not bring severe damages to the spouse who wishes to keep the married name . This precept differs from the Divorce Law , which establishes , in article 17 , that the woman who lost the action for separation should retake her maiden name .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	99	While encouraging the Government of the Islamic Republic of Iran to cooperate with the United Nations , including OHCHR , to further human rights and justice reform , I call upon the Government to ratify major international human rights treaties , in particular the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women and the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel , Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment , and to withdraw the reservations it has made upon the signature and ratification of various human rights treaties , as recommended by the respective treaty bodies . In keeping with its international obligations , the Islamic Republic of Iran needs to finalize its long-outstanding periodic reports under human rights treaties , particularly to the Human Rights Committee and the Committee on Economic , Social and Cultural Rights , in order to allow a systematic review of progress in implementing the related obligations . Although the Government 's standing invitation to the Human Rights Council special procedures mandate holders is welcomed , I regret that no visit has taken place since 2005 and encourage the Government to facilitate their requested visits to the country as a matter of priority in order that they might conduct more comprehensive assessments .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	43	The importation of guns is permitted on a replacement only basis while Section 7 makes it an offence to possess an unregistered firearm . The Ordinance give powers of search of persons , land and buildings where firearms , ammunition and explosive are kept contrary to any permit issued . The current penalty for non-compliance is imprisonment not exceeding 3 months and fine not exceeding $ 100 .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	17	`` Why on earth did I send him off to work ? There was excuse enough to keep him home , that young Mr. Arthur 's still over there '' . With sudden energy , she went to the phone and rang Holden 's office and asked for him .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	68	The Parties noted the growing significance of the strengthening of cooperation between Georgia and Azerbaijan in the conditions of the new international reality with a view to ensuring a basis of stability and promoting the process of the establishment of a new system of security in the region . The Parties expressed their confidence that the pledge of peace and security in the South Caucasus region was in keeping with the principles of State sovereignty , equality of rights , territorial integrity , the inviolability of frontiers , non-interference in each other 's internal affairs , the peaceful settlement of disputes and other generally recognized standards of international law . The Parties condemned acts of aggression , aggressive separatism and terrorism in all their forms and manifestations which were aimed at bringing about a violent change in the internationally recognized frontiers of the States of the region , threatened the territorial integrity and security of States and undermined human fundamental rights and freedoms , the principles of democracy and the values common to all mankind , and expressed the wish to develop cooperation to combat such threats .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	21	It is well known that India has an impeccable record in preventing the proliferation of sensitive technologies . That is in keeping with our commitment to being a responsible nuclear Power . India is ready to work with the international community to develop a new international consensus on non-proliferation .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	30	Invites the International Court of Justice to review the need to amend its own staff rules to enable the introduction and implementation of the performance appraisal system ; Decides to keep the matter under review at its fifty-sixth session . A/55/834/Add.1 .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	45	The Special Rapporteur recalled that he had not strongly supported the draft article from the beginning . However , he was of the view that article 3 , with improved wording ( including replacing “ ipso facto ” with “ necessarily ” ) should be kept . He noted that many members considered article 3 to be the point of departure of the whole draft and that it reflected the basic principle of continuity .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	35	During this meeting , PLAN International presented the views of 1 , 000 children from 30 countries across the continent . Their verdict was stark and straight to the point : we adults have not kept our promises ; nor have we sought their expertise and opinion on what we have been doing for them . In short , we are failing them .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-eighth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo ” . A/58/447 and Corr.1
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	48	“ The Security Council reaffirms that the failure by the armed faction of UNITA to implement its obligations under the `Accordos de Paz ' , the Lusaka Protocol and its relevant resolutions remains the reason for the Security Council sanctions against UNITA . The Council is determined to keep sanctions in place until it is convinced that the conditions in its relevant resolutions are met . It reiterates its call on all States to implement strictly the sanctions regime against UNITA and urges them to strengthen , where appropriate , their internal legislation related to application of sanction measures imposed by the Council .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	37	States Parties are permitted to retain or transfer a limited quantity of anti-personnel mines for developing mine detection , mine clearance and mine destruction techniques and for training personnel in such techniques . The number of mines kept should not exceed the minimum number absolutely necessary for such purposes . The transfer of anti-personnel mines for the purpose of destruction is also permitted .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	51	The Chinese delegation has already expressed its views on the annual report. I wish to stress that this year 's annual report of the Security Council to the General Assembly makes use of a new format that highlights the main points and reduces the report 's volume . That is in keeping with the demands and desires of the Member States. It is also a result of the cooperative efforts of the Council members . In the past year , the working method of the Security Council has been improved through increased transparency and enhanced efficiency .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	71	The entry into force of the Kyoto Protocol to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change in 2005 was a step towards addressing global warming , but it is important to develop a more inclusive international framework , with broader participation of all major emitters , including agreement on targets for emissions of greenhouse gases beyond 2012 . Donors should sustain progress achieved in volumes of ODA to LDCs and keep their commitment to achieve the 0.15-0.20 ODA/GNI target by 2010 . They should continue improving effectiveness of aid and ensure its predictability and sustainability .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	52	He wished to reiterate that the effects of reservations themselves and of all declarations relating to reservations would be discussed comprehensively in the fourth part of the Guide to Practice . With regard to draft guideline 2.9.3 , he noted that most members who had spoken about it were in favour of keeping the second paragraph ; the whole text would , consequently , be referred to the Drafting Committee . Most members were also in favour of referring draft guidelines 2.9.4 to 2.9.7 to the Drafting Committee .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	38	Years of patient application of compost and leaf mulching has changed the structure of the soil and its water-holding capacity . Soon after the method changed , visitors began asking how he managed to irrigate his soil to keep it looking moist , when in reality , it was the soil treatment alone that accomplished this . To demonstrate the soil of his vegetable gardens as it is today , Mr. Clark stooped to scoop up a handful of rich dark earth .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	57	The territorial Government is in the process of implementing the Water Corporation Act of 2007 , which is regulated by the Public Utilities Commission . The Anguilla Electricity Company purchased two new 5-megawatt generators , which ensures an improved power supply to its customers , and has also started the process of purchasing two additional generators to keep up with energy demand . Social conditions
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	42	- The desire to clarify the text in subparagraphs 14 ( 2 ) ( a ) and ( b ) ; - The goal of seeking a compromise position with respect to subparagraph 14 ( 2 ) ( c ) , in keeping with those views suggested above in paragraphs 24 and 25 . First proposed redraft of paragraphs 14 ( 1 ) and ( 2 )
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	75	At its 252nd meeting , held on 15 February 2007 , the Committee had adopted the following recommendation : “ The Special Committee recommends inviting the Chair of the Sixth Committee to bring the sections of the reports of the Special Committee referring to peacekeeping operations to the attention of the Chairman of the Fourth Committee ” . At its 254th meeting , held on 7 March 2008 , the Committee had decided not to keep on its agenda the topic covered in the second of the working papers submitted by the Russian Federation . The Committee 's consideration of the working papers submitted by Cuba at its 1997 and 1998 sessions was covered in paragraphs 34 to 36 of the report ; its consideration of the revised proposal submitted by the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya with a view to strengthening the role of the United Nations in the maintenance of international peace and security was covered in paragraphs 37 and 38 ; and its consideration of the revised working paper submitted by Belarus and the Russian Federation was covered in paragraphs 39 to 44 .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	30	Concentrate the Abuja talks on the future political configuration of Darfur , including questions relating to the sharing of power and wealth . Pursue those talks whether the ceasefire is kept or not , and concentrate the talks relating to security and humanitarian access in the AU Ceasefire Commission and in the Joint Commission . Second , empower the Darfur ceasefire institutions in the same way as the north-south ceasefire institutions that resulted from the agreement in Nairobi .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	71	Courts of the Republic of Azerbaijan can base their decisions on international treaties while passing judgments in hearing of criminal and civil cases in accordance with the Law on Courts and judges of the Republic of Azerbaijan adopted in 1997 . However , there is no any information on specific cases where the Convention was referred to as the Ministry of Justice does not have any database that would allow to keep record of such cases . The report mentions on page 5 that “ a definition of gender discrimination modelled on Article 1 of the Convention is included in the draft legislation on State guarantees to provide equal rights and equal opportunities for men and women ”
keep%2:31:00::	keep.v	104	Moreover , the arbitrator was of the opinion that , depending on the circumstances of the case and , in particular , on the danger which the individual may represent for public order , a State may lawfully detain an alien even before a deportation order . “ Considering that while recognizing the right of a State to expel , it should not be denied the means to guarantee the effectiveness of its injunctions ; that it has to be able to watch over aliens of whom it may see the presence as an hazard for the public order , and that it may keep them in custody if ever it fears that those who are banned from its territory might elude its surveillance ; “ Considering … that , since an expulsion order does normally not precede the events that justify it , if a State was not able to use the necessary means of coercion in order to keep in custody for a few hours , until the measure is officially adopted , an alien whose conduct has become a cause of trouble , the latter would have the opportunity to escape from the police , and the Government would find itself armless ; ”
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	21	Requests the Rapporteur to report to the Special Committee in 2008 on the implementation of the present resolution ; Decides to keep the question of Puerto Rico under continuous review . 0B0BResolution adopted by the General Assembly
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	37	If no action is taken and Israel again gets away with these horrendous crimes , the situation might very rapidly deteriorate and , ultimately , veer out of control . In other terms , Israel can not keep violating international law in total impunity . Israel must be restrained before it is too late , it must be stopped before the peace process is put to death .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	62	Having considered the results of the valuation of the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Fund as at 31 December 2001 and the observations thereon by the Consulting Actuary of the Fund , the Committee of Actuaries and the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Board , Further takes note of the recommendation of the Board that the current contribution rate be maintained but kept under review ; Approves , in principle , the changes in the benefit provisions of the Regulations of the Fund , as set out in annex XIV of the report of the Board , 2 to eliminate the limitation on the right to restoration for existing and future participants , with implementation to begin at such time as the actuarial valuation of the Fund shows a clear upward pattern of surpluses ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	64	The General Secretary reminded the delegates that , in accordance with Rule 3 of the Rules of Procedure , the Bureau of the Conference would be made up of a President , 3 Vice Presidents and a Rapporteur . In regard to item 4 of the Agenda , election of the members of the Bureau , the Secretariat of the Conference proposed , in keeping with standard practice in international conferences , that the Presidency should be occupied by a Representative of the host State . In this regard , the General Secretary submitted for the consideration of the Conference the election of Ms. Patricia Olamendi , Under Secretary for Multilateral Affairs and Human Rights of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Mexico , to preside over the work of the Conference .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	16	The water level was higher than their hubs . Only the heavy bones of the oxen kept them anchored . There was no real sign of the river now , just a roiling , oily ribbon of liquid movement through muddy waters that reached everywhere .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	48	It is possible to freeze assets at the request of a State , provided that other requirements established in Mutual Legal Assistance Treaties are met . 1.3 In its third and fourth reports , Brazil indicates that it is considering extending the requirements of customer identification , record keeping and submission of suspicious transaction reports ( STRs ) to include lawyers , notaries and accountants . The Committee would welcome information on progress in this regard and details of the measures that Brazil has taken or intends to take in order fully to implement paragraph 1 of resolution 1373 ( 2001 ) .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	31	PAHO/WHO has also contributed to the development of the national nutrition policy , which calls for improved care of children . An important component of the work of PAHO/WHO has been keeping health on the agenda of the presidential summits ; as a result , in December 2003 , Central America was declared a cholera-free zone . That was five years after the leaders of the Central American countries signed the Costa del Sol Declaration , pledging to eradicate cholera , following the devastating effects of hurricane Mitch .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	55	The interim period could also be used for trying to find the ideal size of an expanded Council . In combination with effective measures to improve the access of non-Council members when it matters to them , it could be argued that we can start at the lower end in terms of number , while keeping the option of adding a few more seats when the temporary solution is reviewed . In conclusion , the Netherlands looks forward to engaging on a path towards comprehensive Security Council reform .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	86	In a communication dated 22 September 2005 , the Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Liberia conveyed a ruling dated 16 September 2005 whereby the Supreme Court of Liberia decided to grant a peremptory writ of prohibition , thus preventing the National Transitional Government from implementing the assets-freeze measures by the procedure it had previously adopted . The Court further adjudged that the National Transitional Government was at liberty to proceed with whatever action it wished to pursue , as long as such action was in keeping with the due process of law and the Constitution of Liberia . In a reply to the Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Liberia dated 7 October 2005 , the Chairman sought further information and views from UNMIL regarding : the impact of the Supreme Court 's decision on the Government 's ability to implement the assets freeze ; the role played by UNMIL in assisting the Liberian authorities in implementing the assets freeze ; and any assistance the Committee and/or Member States might provide to the Liberian authorities in implementing the assets freeze .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	17	They exist in paper , electronic and audio-visual formats . The policy of the Tribunal is to keep all of these records as archives in view of legal requirements and their historic nature . The Tribunal will capture these records into a records management system as part of the archival legacy of the Tribunal , and will digitize the audio-visual records ;
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Force in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-sixth session , under the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations peacekeeping forces in the Middle East ” , the sub-item entitled “ United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon ” . * On behalf of the States Members of the United Nations that are members of the Group of 77 and China .
keep%2:31:00::	keep.v	43	2.4 The witness ' sister was married to an inspector for secret services of the Angolan Ministry of the Interior . In a statement , made on 15 September 1993 in Rio de Janeiro , he confirms that Carolina da Silva was being kept under surveillance by the secret police , officially for being suspected of furnishing political-military information to the South African Government , through her contacts with whites , but according to the statement , in reality because she had rejected the amorous proposals of the Chief of the Security Services of the Cabinet of the President and National Director of the Secret Service , Mr. Jose Maria . 2.5 The author states that the eye witness ' brother-in-law , the inspector who gave the statement referred to above , disappeared on 21 February 1994 , while in Rio de Janeiro .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	77	I categorically reject the slander by the Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) Director , Mr. Robert Mueller , before the Senate Intelligence Committee on 11 February 2003 , which sought to present Cuba as a threat to the United States , and I challenge him to present the slightest evidence in this regard . On the contrary , on 29 November 2001 Cuba proposed to the United States Government , without any condition and in keeping with Security Council resolution 1373 ( 2001 ) of 28 September 2001 , three draft bilateral agreements . The first is a programme of bilateral cooperation to combat terrorism , with measures to prevent and suppress the planning , organization , execution , support for or collaboration in , and financing of any terrorist act against the other party ; and proposals concerning exchange of information and investigative and judicial cooperation .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	19	In conclusion , we are well advanced in the planning for the successor mission . We will continue to keep you closely informed of our progress in finalizing and adding detail to these plans , a process that I am confident will gather steam in the coming weeks as the Second Transitional Government — which , you will recall , is only just over one month old — fully establishes itself . It is said in some quarters that UNTAET stands on the verge of being a United Nations success .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	32	The high-level segment would conclude on Friday , 14 December , with separate meetings of the COP and the CMP to adopt decisions and conclusions emerging from the current sessions . In keeping with the conclusions adopted by the SBI at its twenty-fourth session , all meetings during the two previous sessional periods have been scheduled to end at 6 p.m. , with exceptions determined by the Bureau or the Chairs of the subsidiary bodies . The 6 p.m. closing time has been well received by all Parties and will continue in Bali .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	41	We welcome this opportunity to participate in this debate to discuss the current policy and institutional and financial challenges in post-conflict peacebuilding without duplicating the General Assembly 's deliberations on the possible modalities of a Peacebuilding Commission . In order to keep to the time scheduled , I will confine myself to essential points . Any consideration of the issue in the context of the role of the United Nations in post-conflict peacebuilding today can not realistically be divorced from the proposal of the Secretary-General .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	28	International cooperation in this area should be based on a level playing field , and without discrimination or double standards . Such cooperation ought to be pursued in keeping with a criteria-based approach , along with adequate international safeguards . However , the adoption of discriminatory policies or double standards relating to nuclear cooperation , whether in South Asia or the Middle East , can only be counterproductive and self-defeating .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	61	Like Philadelphia 's late Dr. Albert C. Barnes who kept his own great collection closed to the general public ( Time , Jan. 2 ) , Thompson , at 61 , is something of a legend in his own lifetime . He made his fortune during World War 2 , when he took over a number of dying steel plants and kept them alive until the boom . Even before he hit big money , he had begun buying modern paintings .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	68	Despite the fact that equitable geographical representation and rotation of high-level posts among various regions was a generally accepted principle in international organizations , no Asian country had held the post of External Auditor for UNIDO since the Organization had become a specialized agency of the United Nations system in 1985 , and only one developing country , namely South Africa , had held that post . In keeping with that principle , since Pakistan was the only developing country having nominated a candidate for the post , and in view of the outstanding qualifications of that candidate , he was confident that all Member States would approve the candidature of Mr. Khan . Mr. Tang Guoqiang ( China ) said that the record collection rate of 93.7 per cent of assessed contributions in the past year and the reduction in arrears attested to the confidence of Member States in UNIDO .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	108	( b ) Agreed Enhance the effectiveness and coordination of international institutions to implement Agenda 21 , the outcomes of the World Summit on Sustainable Development , relevant sustainable development aspects of the Millennium Declaration , the Monterrey Consensus and the outcomes of the fourth WTO ministerial meeting , held in Doha in November 2001 ; Agreed Request the Secretary-General of the United Nations , utilizing the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination , including through informal collaborative efforts , to further promote system-wide inter-agency cooperation and coordination on sustainable development , to take appropriate measures to facilitate exchange of information , and to continue to keep the Economic and Social Council and the Commission informed of actions being taken to implement Agenda 21 ; Agreed Significantly strengthen support for UNDP capacity-building programmes for sustainable development , building on the experience gained from Capacity 21 , as important mechanisms for supporting local and national development capacity-building efforts , in particular in developing countries .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	42	At the King Arthur one guest had had his head heavily bandaged , and another had a bandaged foot and had walked with crutches . There had also been a man who must have had St. Vitus or something , because he kept jerking his head . As reports dribbled in , William Weigand tossed them into the centrifuge which had become his head .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	25	The disclosure of expendable property required considerable administrative resources to attain , maintain and validate the data of expendable properties . Data input and record keeping systems , processes and procedures related to the procurement , release and inventory check of expendable properties would also require significant revisions and be critically dependent on adequate automated systems . As such , the changes could not be dealt with incrementally but would be considered together with other requirements arising from implementation of the International Public Sector Accounting Standards and in conjunction with implementation of the enterprise resource planning system .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	49	Similarly , audit observations concerning purchase orders ( such as the lack of pre-numbering , ) and circumventions of internal controls , such as payments for goods without documenting receipt of goods , will be addressed by PeopleSoft . Finally , audits noted that some offices do not systematically keep records of vendor performance , increasing the risk that poor vendors may be re-selected . Guidelines for evaluating vendors were recently incorporated in the UNDP Procurement Manual .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	113	Welcomes the important progress attained in the elaboration of the draft comprehensive convention on international terrorism during the meetings of the Ad Hoc Committee established by General Assembly resolution 51/210 of 17 December 1996 and the Working Group of the Sixth Committee established pursuant to General Assembly resolution 57/27 ; Decides that the Ad Hoc Committee shall continue to elaborate a draft comprehensive convention on international terrorism , shall continue its efforts to resolve the outstanding issues relating to the elaboration of a draft international convention for the suppression of acts of nuclear terrorism as a means of further developing a comprehensive legal framework of conventions dealing with international terrorism , and shall keep on its agenda the question of convening a high-level conference under the auspices of the United Nations to formulate a joint organized response of the international community to terrorism in all its forms and manifestations ; Requests the Secretary-General to continue to provide the Ad Hoc Committee with the necessary facilities for the performance of its work ;
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	42	Livestock include ( in descending order of quantity ) , poultry , goats , sheep , cattle and pigs . Half of the agricultural production is sold through retail outlets , 42 per cent is sold privately and 6 per cent is kept for household consumption . The recent opening of a meat processing business is expected to improve marketing .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	2	Taxation In keeping with pro-poor strategies to achieve the Millennium Development Goals ( MDGs ) , governments should give priority to strengthening tax administrations and tax collection systems , focusing on progressive direct taxation on wealth and capital assets rather than VAT on essential consumer items needed by low-income earners , a majority of which are women . It should be further recognized that women make significant contributions to care giving from earned income .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	31	“ All we can do today is prevent further tragedies and bequeath to the younger generation a bright horizon and hope for life. ” Let us hope that all sides will keep to their commitments identified within the ceasefire and that an authentic Palestinian partner will emerge from it , dedicated to the vision and cause of peace . The President ( spoke in Arabic ) : I give the floor to the representative of Finland .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	17	Bangladesh has always expressed support for and remained committed to international efforts to combat terrorism . In keeping with her commitment , Bangladesh joined the international community in condemning the terrorist attacks on the United States on 11 September 2001 and expressed total solidarity with all international efforts to fight terrorism . As an elected member of the Security Council , Bangladesh has been actively supportive of and closely associated with the adoption of all relevant resolutions both in the UN General Assembly and the Security Council following the terrorist attacks and remains committed to their full implementation .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	71	Her eyebrows were definite and heavy and formed two lines moving upward toward a high forehead and a great head of brown hair that fell to her shoulders . There was an air of blindness in her gray eyes , the startled horse look that ultimately comes to some women who are born at the end of an ancestral line long since divorced from money-making and which , besides , has kept its estate intact . She was personally sloppy , and when she had colds would blow her nose in the same handkerchief all day and keep it , soaking wet , dangling from her waist , and when she gardened she would eat dinner with dirt on her calves .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	30	There had been encouraging accomplishments in Kenya since independence , and promising new developments like the decision to hold the Constitutional Conference in the spring . But the Government must keep working in all areas , and award women had to be sent to Parliament to carry on the struggle . One crucial problem , common to all African countries , was the population explosion in Kenya , referred to in the report ( CEDAW/C/KEN/3-4 ) in table 11 and the preceding paragraph ( iii ) .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	2	Compensability In keeping with the standards described at paragraph 183 above , the Panel finds that the claimant has established that it maintained a presence in a compensable area during the relevant compensable period and that , under such circumstances , it is entitled to compensation for the profits which , in the ordinary course of events , it would have been expected to earn and which were lost as a result of a decline in business directly caused by Iraq 's invasion and occupation of Kuwait . Based on the criteria described at paragraph 171 above , the Panel determines the appropriate compensation period for the loss of profit incurred by the claimant .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	50	Article 114 : Any articles and documents discovered during an inquest or search that may be used to prove a criminal suspect 's guilt or innocence shall be seized. Articles and documents which are irrelevant to the case may not be seized . Seized articles and documents shall be properly kept or sealed for safekeeping and may not be utilized or damaged . Article 115 : All seized articles and documents shall be carefully checked by the investigators jointly with the eyewitnesses and the holder of the articles ; a detailed list shall be made in duplicate on the spot and shall be signed or sealed by the investigators , the eyewitnesses and the holder. One copy of the list shall be given to the holder , and the other copy shall be kept on file for reference .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	60	The governor of Barwon Prison continually reviewed the number of boxes of documents in the author 's cell , to assess its safety and security , as the cell had been identified as a fire risk by the Fire Risk Assessment Officer of the prison . After each assessment , the governor increased the number of boxes the author could keep in his cell . He could access the boxes of documents by trading boxes in his cell for others in storage .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	49	The Administration informed the Board that all files were available at UN-Habitat but divided between the offices of the human settlements advisers and the programme management officers . The human settlements advisers maintained the detailed files on the substantive aspects of programme implementation , while the programme management officers kept those related to finance and administration . The Administration agreed with the Board 's recommendation that it ensure a complete and organized project documentation and filing/archiving system .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	62	In all these areas of work , particular consideration should be given to the needs of least developed countries . The Sao São Paulo Conference reaffirms that the Bangkok Plan of Action should continue to guide the broad areas of UNCTAD 's work in the years to come and should serve as athe basis on which the activities of UNCTAD will be kept under review . UNCTAD can play an important role in helping to ensure that coherence for development. Advancing this objective is the overarching goal of the São Paulo Conference .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	128	The group asked the Head of the Biology Department how many members of the Department had doctorates and what their areas of specialization were , whether the Department was working in the field of genetic engineering or molecular biology , what research the Department was currently carrying out , whether teaching staff were supervising students in other locations , from which university the Head of Department had received his doctorate , how many teaching staff the Department had , and on what types of bacteria the Department was working . The group inspected the Department 's laboratories , verified the declarations and tags and inspected the offices of the examination board where the students ' examination papers , which are completely unrelated to the inspection process , are kept . The inspection lasted 3 hours 30 minutes , after which the group returned to the Canal Hotel .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	46	Over the past six months UNFICYP has continued to build on the advantages of the force structure adopted early in 2005 and to steadily improve coordination among its civilian , military and police components under the new concept of operations . I intend to continue to keep the operations of UNFICYP under review , with the aim of making recommendations for possible further adjustments at the appropriate time , taking into account conditions on the ground and progress at the political level . I continue to believe that only the achievement of a comprehensive settlement will bring an end to the Cyprus problem .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	38	However , the resolution adopted is far from ideal . We would have preferred that the Council had been created from the outset as a principal organ of the Organization in order to send a signal more in keeping with the priority of human rights in the United Nations system . The election of the Council 's members by a two-thirds majority would have strengthened their commitment to its new challenges and functions .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	105	Stresses the importance of bringing into effect the conventions emanating from the work of the Commission for the global unification and harmonization of international trade law , and , to this end , urges States that have not yet done so to consider signing , ratifying or acceding to those conventions ; Requests the Secretary-General , in view of the continuing demands on personnel resources of the secretariat of the Commission resulting , inter alia , from the need for coordination among a growing number of international organizations in the field of international trade law and the growing demand for legislative technical assistance , to keep under review the level of resources available to the Commission in order to ensure its ability to carry out its mandate . Draft resolution II Model Legislative Provisions on Privately Financed Infrastructure Projects of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	30	One of those advantages was the opportunity to make progress on disarmament . Indeed , on 30 June , the disarmament of the former army units should end , in keeping with the timeline endorsed at the Berlin conference last year . At this point , over 60 , 000 officers and soldiers have been demobilized and over 49 , 000 have entered — and in some cases completed — reintegration into agriculture , vocational training and small business programmes .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	25	It should also be considered whether there is a continued need for regional UNDP HIV/AIDS projects . Recommendation 4. If macro-economic and trade issues are kept in the programme , the relevant competences require strengthening . The issues are clearly relevant for poverty reduction and achievement of the MDGs , and the human development perspective is important .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	13	Introduction In its resolution 56/237 , the General Assembly reiterated its decision to keep the implementation of the Development Account under review and requested the Secretary-General to submit a report on the subject . The present report has been prepared in response to the aforementioned resolution and in the light of the recommendation by the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions reflected in its reports , which requested further information on the progress made in the Account to be submitted in the context of the presentation of the proposed programme budget .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	51	Unbearable discrimination — racism and cultural discrimination in particular — are becoming a major issue in many parts of the world . Various culturalist and civilizationalist arguments have begun to demand not humane integration , but clearly forced assimilation that shows little respect for cultural identities and diversity that are in keeping with commonly shared values . Needless perhaps to say , no one has the right to ask us to be tolerant towards cultural differences that infringe upon fundamental human rights , but it ought to be borne in mind that creative and sustainable integration and coexistence can be realized only in a common space defined by such values as respect for human dignity , justice , the rule of law , tolerance , cultural pluralism and so on .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	58	This year 's discussions have brought about a fair degree of progress and we all hope to be able to utilize this progress in the future in order to arrive at a programme of work and commence negotiations , in a positive and constructive spirit , with a transparent approach that enjoys consensus . This would be in keeping with the sentiments expressed by His Excellency the Secretary-General of the United Nations , Mr. Ban Ki-moon , in his message addressed to the Conference on 14 June 2007 , when he urged everyone to make progress in a spirit of compromise and accommodation . The Middle East region is one of the tensest and most dangerous regions of the world .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	119	With regard to the restitution of a synagogue , the Government explained that the occupants were demanding payment for their repair work , alleging that it was a religious study centre , that the building had been rented to a theatre company and not to the State and that the two existing Tbilisi synagogues were sufficient to accommodate the religious rites of the Jewish community. It stated that the Catholic and Armenian churches had not claimed restitution of their property in a court of law . It pointed out that they had no claims against the Orthodox Church and that there was nothing to impede fulfilment of their request to build new churches , provided that it was in keeping with the law . Lastly , it indicated that a place of worship had been allocated to the Catholic Church in Tbilisi .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	51	The scope for failure is abundant , and the need for the good offices of and concerted action by UNAMA can not be overemphasized . We urge the Special Representative to continue an active dialogue with the entire political spectrum as well as with the President and Government in order to keep the positive development in the political processes on track . Secondly , promoting human rights should , in our view , continue to be a high-priority task for UNAMA .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	33	To that end , Switzerland will continue to defend the position that the item should be allocated exclusively or at least partially to plenary in the future . It is our understanding that keeping the option open , to give human rights a more prominent role in the United Nations system , was part of the delicate political balance that led to the adoption of resolution 60/251 . The allocation of the agenda item was subsequently an important step in concretizing this balance of views .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	30	Globalization , with all of its positive and negative aspects , is a given fact . Let us do more to transform that fact into something that fits is in keeping with the needs of the people and the rule of individual and collective human rights . Certainly , this can not be achieved by trying to drive peoples ' , States , cultures , religions and civilizations away from their own identities , by trying to place them under the common denominator of a single global identity .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	77	The report of the Secretary-General ( A/58/333 ) which we have considered in our discussion of agenda item 41 and in consultations on this draft resolution takes note of progress made in the implementation of the Declaration and Plan of Action of the special session by Governments , intergovernmental organizations , non-governmental organizations and relevant United Nations agencies , funds and programmes . The adoption of the draft resolution will take us all a step forward in keeping the promises those world leaders made , and in implementing the agenda they set themselves to better the lives of children and young people . Among its provisions , the draft resolution calls for the convening of a commemorative plenary meeting in 2007 , on a date to be decided at the sixtieth session of the Assembly , and invites the President of the General Assembly to finalize organizational matters in consultation with Member States .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	26	This is the sure way of creating jobs for all and a sustainable way of eradicating poverty . To support the efforts of the poor to keep families together , with particular attention to disadvantaged and under-represented groups , including indigenous people , people with disabilities , women , children , youth and the elderly . Effective action and resources are essential for those affected by migration .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	57	Without doubt , the Multinational Force has made it possible to stabilize the situation . At the same time we wish to convey our appreciation for the invaluable work done by the Uruguayan contingent of the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo ( MONUC ) , whose presence made it possible to keep the situation in Bunia under control until the Multinational Force could be deployed . In recent weeks , Security Council members have been working to draw up and define the terms of a draft resolution to strengthen the mandate of MONUC , in keeping with the recommendations of the Secretary-General and with a view to giving the mission a robust mandate .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	42	In its article 1 , 565 , paragraph 1 , the New Civil Code establishes that either betrothed may take the other 's family name , if they so wish . Under article 1 , 571 , § 2º the spouses may keep their married name in the case of dissolution of marriage by divorce or conversion , except as otherwise provided for in the judicial separation decree . It is interesting to notice that , even when the spouse is found guilty in the action for separation , he will only lose the right to keep the other spouse 's family name if such spouse so requires , and so long as the change does not bring severe damages to the spouse who wishes to keep the married name .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	70	In particular , I would like to draw the attention of the Council to the important role that will have to be played by the AMIS civilian police in monitoring and policing additional locations in Darfur and in building up a community police capacity where it is non-existent . The African heads of State are ready to assist us with their personal engagement and to contribute troops to Darfur to keep the peace . I am here to plead with the Council to extend maximum support to AMIS to ensure that the ceasefire agreement , once signed , is followed up by the upgrading , capacitation and empowerment of AMIS so as to enable it to cope with the additional responsibilities .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	42	The Rio Group stresses its full support for the work of Mr. Hans Blix , Executive Chairman of the Commission , and his technical team . We note that the legitimacy and effectiveness of the Commission depend upon its impartiality , in keeping with paragraph 6 of resolution 1284 ( 1999 ) . The Rio Group calls on the Security Council to strengthen UNMOVIC in order to permit the mission to verify the existence of weapons of mass destruction on the Iraqi territory and , should they be found , to ensure their destruction .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	82	Actions would contribute to achieving the Millennium Development Goals and the targets of the United Nations General Assembly Special Session on HIV/AIDS . A work in progress , the campaign would include a wide range of partners , from governments and United Nations agencies to civil society and faith-based organizations. It would follow the “ three ones ” principles and support and accelerate the “ 3 x 5 ” initiative led by WHO , especially actions to improve treatment for children and keep parents alive . A consultation with field offices and National Committees would take place in early 2005 to establish goals , mechanisms for achieving them and resource allocation .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	78	Ms. Goonesekere said that it was crucial to monitor women 's and children 's human rights in time of war , particularly in a country where nearly half the population was under 14 years of age and girl children accounted for more than a third of that age group . She agreed that there was a need to harmonize all branches of law , including civil , criminal and customary law , with the new Constitution , in keeping with article 2 of the Convention . In that connection , the State party might wish to study the experience of South Africa , which had not only adopted a new Constitution but also provided for its enforcement .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	31	In the specific case of D-1 level posts , there were a number of such placement cases in the period that is being considered . However , management will continue to keep these at a minimum in the future . The Board recommends that UNICEF minimize the number of staff members employed at post levels lower than their personal levels .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	42	The Section consists of seven organizational entities , namely North American equity , European equity , Asia-Pacific equity , global emerging markets equity , fixed income , real estate and alternative investments . The primary functions involve monitoring of current portfolios , keeping abreast of and tracking developments in the financial markets , and making and executing investment decisions . The fulfilment of these functions involves the preparation of financial analyses , meetings and conference attendance and travel to various countries to meet analysts and companies ' management .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	51	Import , export and carriage of arms and ammunition in the territory of the Republic of Lithuania are regulated in Chapter 9 of the Law . The new law also establishes the procedure for the collection of arms and ammunition ; organization of exhibitions ; cancellation of permits to carry and keep arms and ammunition ; seizure , inheritance , giving as a gift , sale , and destroying of arms and ammunitions . The final provisions ( Chapter 15 ) stipulate the institutions charged with the control of the circulation of arms and ammunition , also provide for the exchange of information with foreign states regarding the circulation of arms and ammunition ; establish liability for violations of the circulation of arms and ammunition ; define the cases of application of international agreements ; establish the date for the law 's coming into force and the list of laws that are to become invalid upon coming into force of the new law .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	64	Violent action taken by some BDK elements and other demonstrators exacerbated the situation . In addition to deploying a formed police unit , troops and humanitarian and human rights teams of MONUC , my Special Representative continues to work with the Government , the national police and opposition supporters to prevent further violence in Bas-Congo , impressing on the authorities the need to scrupulously keep their pledge to ensure democracy and create political space for the opposition . On 3 March , an incident of cross-border fire from the Democratic Republic of the Congo territory near Kibumba ( 30 km north of Goma ) directed at Rwandan troops on the other side of the border was reportedly followed by a further exchange of fire on 4 March .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	20	In the latter case , such declarations contained erga omnes undertakings . The tenor of Guiding Principle 7 was in keeping with the judgments of the International Court of Justice and with article 31 of the 1969 Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties , which applied to unilateral declarations by analogy . As far as Guiding Principle 8 was concerned , most of the members of the Commission had considered that it was appropriate to apply the principle set forth in article 53 of the 1969 Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties to unilateral declarations .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	109	In updating the composition of levels , both in 2003 and in 2006 , it has been the Secretariat 's understanding that the Member States concerned should be included at their voluntarily established levels unless their revised levels would be higher or unless they indicate a decision to revert to a lower level for which they are eligible in the new scale period . In this connection , the Secretary-General has received a letter dated 17 March 2006 from the Permanent Representative of the Philippines to the United Nations requesting that the Philippines be allowed to return to level I , from its current level of H* , in keeping with the fundamental principle of capacity to pay . The text of this letter is attached as annex III .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	36	In the meantime , my delegation wishes to commend the leadership of the Provisional Institutions of Self-Government for the bold steps they have taken to reach out to the minority groups . We encourage them to keep knocking on the doors of the Kosovo Serbs in particular until they join in the process of forging a common destiny for all the people of Kosovo . Undoubtedly , this must be a most challenging period for the authorities in Belgrade as well .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	35	He paid tribute to the courageous peacekeepers who had lost their lives in a noble cause . Mr. Khan ( Bangladesh ) said that United Nations peacekeeping had become a powerful , indispensable tool for keeping peace in regions across the globe emerging from conflicts . The role of peacekeepers had changed markedly in recent years and now extended to humanitarian and development needs , disarmament , national reconciliation , peacebuilding , promotion of the rule of law , facilitation of the return of refugees , intermission cooperation and the like .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	18	The Israeli-Palestinian negotiations are now entering a delicate phase . We respect the will of both sides to keep them confidential , and we support their resolve , as shown during their meeting with the Quartet in Sharm el-Sheikh , to continue responsibly , despite the existing difficulties . It is absolutely essential that a comprehensive agreement be reached in the form of a peace treaty to be implemented without further negotiation .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-sixth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo ” . Letter dated 5 February 2001 from the Chargé d'affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of Iraq to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	35	We use these platforms to lobby our government and to lobby internationally for equality of women and men . This includes all aspects on women 's empowerment and the important participation of women in peace keeping and decision making . It is only recently with the ICC that the particular acts demonstrating the vulnerability of women in places of war and conflict have been formally recognized as crimes .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	33	Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations ( A/60/650 , A/60/650/Add.1 , A/60/650/Add.2 , A/60/650/Add.3 and A/60/650/Add.4 ) The President : I should now like , in keeping with established practice , to invite the attention of the General Assembly to documents A/60/650 and addenda 1 , 2 , 3 and 4 thereto , containing five letters from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the General Assembly . In document A/60/650 , the Secretary-General informs the Assembly that 20 Member States are in arrears in the payment of their financial contributions to the United Nations within the terms of Article 19 of the Charter .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	58	Such an approach must exclude politicization of human rights issues and should serve as the basis for constructive dialogue on questions of the observance of human rights . During the planned review and rationalization of all of the mandates and mechanisms in the transition from the Committee to the Council , we intend to speak in favour of keeping and , where necessary , strengthening the special procedures . However , this support will be given only to those procedures that were not created for political reasons and have not compromised the Council by exceeding the powers contained in the mandate .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	67	Whether peacekeeping succeeds or fails will be the ultimate standard by which the world will judge the United Nations . That is because , for all of the important things the United Nations system does around the world — from the work of the United Nations Children 's Fund and the United Nations Development Programme to the World Health Organization — everyone looks to this Organization to keep the peace . Last September , at the Millennium Summit , leader after leader reiterated the critical importance of peacekeeping and , at our historical Security Council Summit , we renewed our commitment to peacekeeping and re-energized our resolve to making it work efficiently and effectively .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	37	Direct dialogue between the Heads of State concerned was particularly important , with the objectives of national reconciliation internally , and the reconciliation of all the countries in the region . The Security Council would continue to keep the situation under very close review . Discussion then turned to the plan for disarmament , demobilization , reintegration and repatriation or resettlement adopted by the Political Committee ( see addendum to the present report ) .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	62	However , it was felt that there was sufficient agreement in the Working Group on the standard of liability for the carrier in these circumstances that draft text could be prepared for the consideration of the Working Group . The view was also expressed that a different standard of care for the goods might be required depending upon whether the carrier had kept the undeliverable goods in its custody or had given those goods over to the custody of a third party . It was suggested that , in the first case , the carrier should continue to be liable subject to a stricter standard , while in the second case the carrier should be liable only for fault in the choice of the custodian .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	61	At the Seventh Meeting of the States Parties , held in Geneva from 18 to 22 September 2006 , it was agreed to hold the Eighth Meeting of the States Parties in Jordan from 18 to 22 November 2007 , as contained in paragraph 29 of the Final Report ( APLC/MSP.7/2006/5 ) . To prepare for the Eighth Meeting , in keeping with past practice , at the April 2007 meeting of the Standing Committee on the General Status and Operation of the Convention a provisional agenda , provisional programme of work , draft rules of procedure and draft cost estimates were presented . Based upon discussions at that meeting , it was the sense of the Co-Chairs of the Standing Committee on the General Status and Operation of the Convention that these documents were generally acceptable to the States Parties to be put before the Eighth Meeting for adoption .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	61	Funding for the World Bank/Multi-Country Demobilization and Reintegration Programme in Burundi , including the child demobilization and reintegration programme , officially ended on 31 March 2008 . While the donor community was discussing the next transitional phase of demobilization and reintegration with the World Bank and the Government , the issue of children associated with armed groups and their demobilization was kept on the agenda as a matter of concern and urgent response . The establishment in February 2009 of the Technical Coordination Team on demobilization , reinsertion and reintegration , which is a Government body established by the National Commission for Demobilization , Reinsertion and Reintegration , signalled the start of the transitional programme .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	86	The countries members of the Economic Cooperation Organization , with a total population of over 310 million , have emerged as an influential subject of international relations , which at the same time testifies to the birth of a new regional community , which logically corresponds to the historical laws of the cultural unity of kindred peoples . The logic of cooperation among the countries members of the Economic Cooperation Organization for the rebirth of the region and the well-being of its peoples is fully in keeping with the basic principles of Turkmenistan 's neutrality . The continuation of the “ open-door ” policy will remain the cornerstone of Turkmenistan 's foreign economic strategy .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	39	Mr. Bravaco ( United States of America ) : I would support such a move , at least as an interim step . I do not know whether we would keep “ confidence-building measures ” , but if we kept that topic , then certainly we should divorce “ verification mechanisms ” from that because that formulation really seems to be a mélange of two separate items , and “ verification mechanisms ” is something that is being handled elsewhere . I would favour , if we had to , keeping “ confidence-building measures ” and removing the concept of verification mechanisms from that .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	34	Today FUNDECOR supervises over 500 individual contracts covering an area of 42 , 000 hectares . Most of these contracts are with rural-based families who do not have much land but would prefer to keep as much as possible in forests . Specific contracts break down into three categories : ( a ) sustainable extraction , 22 per cent ; ( b ) pure protection , 70 per cent ; and ( c ) reforestation , 8 per cent .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	45	We pledged to take comprehensive and systematic action in the Declaration of Commitment on HIV-AIDS . This high-level plenary meeting is therefore primarily about how well we have kept the commitments made , up to 2003 , and about whether we are on target to keep those commitments for 2005 . It is also about keeping commitments made in the Millennium Declaration to halt the spread of the disease and to begin the process of reversal by 2015 .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	36	All exchanges , even for disposal , are voluntary and based on freely-entered-into bi- or multilateral agreements subject to international oversight . As noted previously , there is even a joint commitment of OECD/EU countries to keep all wastes for themselves . Economics
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	58	Requests the Secretary-General to fill expeditiously vacant positions for web-site assistants in all official languages from external candidates , utilizing general temporary assistance ; Recalls paragraph 44 of its resolution 58/270 and takes note of the relevant paragraph of the Secretary-General 's report regarding the Repertory of Practice of the United Nations , and requests the Secretary-General to keep the matter under review and to report thereon to the General Assembly in the context of the proposed programme budget 2006-2007 ; Approves a net increase of $ 172 , 851 , 200 in the appropriation approved for the biennium 2004-2005 and a net increase of $ 9 , 406 , 800 in the estimates of income for the biennium , to be apportioned among expenditure and income sections as indicated in the report of the Secretary-General18 and amended to reflect the recommendation of the Advisory Committee ; 19
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	108	My Personal Envoy noted that , while no one was abandoning the settlement plan , this was the first time that Morocco had expressed readiness to engage in a direct dialogue . Following the third round of consultations , in September 2000 , my Personal Envoy was of the view , which I shared , that further meetings of the parties would not succeed and indeed could be counterproductive unless the Government of Morocco , as administrative power of the Territory , was prepared to offer or support some devolution of authority for all inhabitants and former inhabitants of the Territory that was genuine , substantive and in keeping with international norms . Financial aspects
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	51	As discussed by the Universalisation Contact Group , these include : Bahrain , Lao People 's Democratic Republic , Lebanon , Marshall Islands , Micronesia ( Federated States of ) , Mongolia , Nepal , Oman , Poland , Tonga , Tuvalu and United Arab Emirates . ( ii ) In keeping with Action # 3 of the Nairobi Action Plan , all States Parties and those that share their aims should continue to increase universalisation efforts that place a priority on those States not parties that produce , use , transfer and maintain large stockpiles of anti-personnel mines , including those developing new kinds of anti-personnel mines . ( iii ) Further to Actions # 5 and # 6 of the Nairobi Action Plan , States Parties should continue to use bilateral , regional and multilateral meetings and events to promote the Convention including in the United Nations General Assembly and its committees .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	21	Time is of the essence in this regard . We should bear in mind that this is a classic operation of keeping the peace between two regular armies , as distinct from some other operations that have been undertaken in Africa by the United Nations . In his report of 9 August , the Secretary-General proposes a clear-cut mandate that is in keeping with the nature of the operation ahead of us .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	27	Papua New Guinea sincerely appreciates the support which the international community has given to making and building peace at home . It is vital that we all keep working together to achieve global peace . In conclusion , I would like to take this opportunity to make mention of Mr. Danilo Türk 's contribution to the peace process .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	46	His delegation reiterated its intention to work constructively towards a comprehensive agreement . With reference to the statements made recently before the Committee by the Chief Minister of Gibraltar and by the Leader of the Opposition , he pointed out that Spain 's position — in keeping with the principles of the relevant General Assembly resolutions and especially that of territorial integrity — had not changed in any way . Mr. Tinline ( United Kingdom ) , speaking in exercise of the right of reply , said that talks in Britain and in Spain had indeed made significant progress towards resolving a long-standing dispute .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	30	Done at on , 2002 and in triplicate in the Chinese , Mongolian , Russian and English languages , all texts being equally authentic . [ Each Contracting Party shall keep an original copy of this Agreement in its own language s and the English version . ] In case of interpretation or dispute , the English text shall prevail .
keep%2:31:00::	keep.v	70	On 29 March 2005 , Thich Quang Do recorded a video message for the sixty-first session of the United Nations Commission on Human Rights in Geneva , in which he called for the respect of human rights in Viet Nam and described his own situation : “ As I speak to you today , I am under house arrest at the Thanh Minh Zen Monastery in Saigon . Secret Police keep watch on me day and night . My telephone is cut , my communications are monitored , and I am forbidden to travel … ” Thich Vien Phuong , the young monk who filmed the message , was arrested by Security Police as he left Thanh Minh Zen Monastery and detained for several hours of intensive questioning .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	52	- All means of international transport arriving in or departing from Venezuelan territory are subject to control by the immigration authorities , who review the documents of the crew and passengers they transport . - Likewise , hotels , hostels , residences and , in general , any place which houses foreigners keep a registry of foreigners with their full names , nationality , identity document number and place of origin and destination . - The intelligence services of Venezuela maintain communication and regularly exchange information on subversive activities and organized crime in any of its forms .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	24	Living in a world of differences will entail misery if we keep forging conflict out of diversity . It will entail hardship if we keep exacerbating disagreement . It will entail stagnation if we keep failing to make room for compromise .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	45	That revolution is based on sustaining our natural resources and maintaining an ecological balance. It respects the soil , the environment and the people . At the moment , as rice is the staple food of the people of Madagascar , we are trying to keep the domestic rice price at an affordable level to protect the most vulnerable layers of the population . In addition to that food crisis , we are confronted with other important challenges : climate change , increasing energy prices , unpredictable financial markets and other threats to our peace and security .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	38	Disaster risk reduction should be included in the post-2012 framework , given the links between adaptation , disaster risk reduction and development . Jamaica joined the calls for major emitters of greenhouse gases to significantly reduce emissions in keeping with the principle of common but differentiated responsibilities and respective capabilities . It also supported the urgent pursuit of a second commitment period , considering that negotiations should be concluded before the 2009 meeting in Copenhagen in order to ensure a seamless transition from the first to the second period .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	56	Through that draft resolution , we , the members of the Pacific Islands Forum , reaffirm our commitment to a partnership of cooperation and friendship and offer some guidance to the United Nations , as well as to our international partners , on where such cooperation may indeed be strengthened and expanded . Finally , in keeping with the theme of cooperation , I would like to express my group 's sincere gratitude to the countries that have joined us in sponsoring the draft resolution . I am pleased to announce that the following countries have also joined as sponsors : Chile , Cuba , Greece , Israel , Kiribati , Kuwait , Malaysia , the Philippines , Sudan and Thailand .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	42	During a meeting with the Panel , the managing director of that company was unwilling to provide it with any information . He claimed that he had provided the crews of the aircraft with all documentation for the flights and had not kept copies of those documents . The Panel did receive overflight requests for all of these flights through its cooperation with civil aviation authorities in several African countries .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	51	The Committee deplores the fact that prison conditions in Cameroon are characterized by severe overcrowding and inadequate food and medical care . The Committee urges the State party to address the issue of prison overcrowding as a matter of priority and to ensure that prisoners are treated with humanity , in keeping with article 10 of the Covenant . The Committee is deeply concerned at the prosecution and punishment of journalists for the crime of publication of “ false news ” merely on the ground that the news was false , in clear violation of article 19 of the Covenant .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	114	Included were the standards with which such banks are required to comply when opening accounts for any person , whether natural or artificial , and which are based primarily on the “ know your client ” principle , which means obtaining the necessary documents for ascertaining the identity of the client and maintaining adequate records on clients and the operations carried out by them for a period of not less than five years . The standards also involve paying particular attention to cash deposit operations , business transacted on clients ' accounts , transfers , transactions carried out across borders and other banking operations , so as to ascertain whether such operations are in keeping with the nature of the client 's activity and to detect any unusual operations. These standards are in keeping with the recommendations issued by FATF relating to the fight against money-laundering ; ( d ) The Egyptian banking federation has also created a committee to study the problem , prepare the necessary studies and examine those received by the committee from foreign and local quarters as well as those submitted by the members of the committee themselves .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	76	With regard to changes to the methodology , the Committee considered that the utilization factor ( UF ) was a complex index that incorporated all the aspects of the meeting ratio ( MR ) and the planning accuracy factor ( PAF ) and included utilization of meeting time as a factor as well . It was therefore clearly superior as an overall measurement of utilization to both the MR and the PAF and should thus be kept as the primary index by which utilization performance of intergovernmental bodies was judged . The Committee noted the explanation given by some committees that early endings of meetings could be considered a sign of efficiency and stressed that better planning and flexible adjustment of the programme of work were the best way to reduce time lost owing to late starts and early endings of meetings .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	31	Not independent , these “ government-organized NGOs ” reflect their Government 's position . The speaking opportunities they use in United Nations forums would be better used by others — in keeping with the original principle of accreditation . There is a strong case for streamlining accreditation at United Nations Headquarters and reconsidering which organ grants accreditation .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	83	She noted that the annual videoconference discussion with other duty stations had focused on quality of services and client satisfaction and the draft resolution therefore requested the Secretary-General to report on the quality of interpretation services at all duty stations . Mr. Chen Jian ( Under-Secretary-General for General Assembly and Conference Management ) introduced the report of the Secretary-General on the pattern of conferences ( A/61/129 and Add.1 ) , submitted for the first time as a single , consolidated document , in keeping with reforms aimed at streamlining reporting . The report covered a wide range of issues concerning the Secretariat 's efforts to respond to requests made by Member States , including innovative options for servicing meetings of regional groups .
keep%2:31:00::	keep.v	19	• Control of Financial Flows The country 's banking sector , lead by the Reserve Bank of Malawi is keeping a close watch on all the financial flows into and out of the country with the aim of checking against any use of the country by terrorists in conducting their financial transactions . There is a total cooperation from various players in the sector .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	46	Letter dated 12 June 2002 from the Chairman of the Committee As you are aware , in resolution 56/33 of 3 December 2001 , the General Assembly has again requested the Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People to continue to keep under review the situation relating to the question of Palestine and to report and make suggestions to the General Assembly or the Security Council , as appropriate . By the same resolution , the Assembly requested the Secretary-General to continue to provide the Committee with all the necessary facilities for the performance of its tasks .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	95	Further , the second sentence of the revised provision was said to be taken from the first variant of the text as it appeared in A/CN.9/WG.III/WP.81 , as preferred by the Working Group , while the third sentence was included in order to describe , but not to regulate , the legal relationship between the carrier and the shipper , when the carrier arranged for additional carriage . Support was expressed in the Working Group for the second variant in square brackets as being clearer than the first , and as being somewhat more in keeping with the text of the similar provision in article 11 of the Hamburg Rules , that referred to “ a named person other than the carrier ” . While there remained some expressions of a preference to delete the draft provision from the text , the Working Group was reminded that it had already made the decision to retain the concept of the text of draft article 12 , subject only to redrafting .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	20	( c ) Publish and circulate any report of the Conference ; ( d ) Make and arrange for the keeping of sound recordings and summary records of meetings ; ( e ) Arrange for the custody of documents of the Conference in the archives of the United Nations and provide authentic copies of these documents to each of the depository Governments ; and
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	112	Mr. Kazykhanov ( Kazakhstan ) : At the outset , I would like to commend UNESCO for its leading role in the process of fostering the culture of peace and for its recent comprehensive report ( A/61/175 ) , which reflects the broad range of activities carried out by the United Nations system , international institutions and civil society in implementing various programmes and initiatives put forward under agenda item 44 , which is now under consideration . Kazakhstan strongly believes that the culture of peace starts within us when we learn how to respect the inherent worth and dignity of other cultures and religions , and when we allow them to keep up their traditions . The moral standing of any society is judged by how it treats other nations and other peoples ' cultures .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	75	Council members also expressed their deep concern with Eritrea 's policies in the whole Horn of Africa region , noting that its conduct was leading to escalation of conflict and undermining stability in the region and hence threatening international peace and security , and that this should not be allowed to continue indefinitely . In view of the impasse and the volatility of the Horn of Africa region , Council members reiterated the need to keep all options for resolving the conflict open , including exploring punitive measures to put pressure on Eritrea , while at the same time continuing to pursue diplomatic efforts . In this regard Council members encouraged and requested the Secretary-General to continue his efforts to engage Eritrea in order to resolve the border dispute with Djibouti peacefully .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	74	The Rules of Arbitration and Conciliation of the International Arbitral Centre of the Austrian Federal Economic Chamber , Vienna ( “ Vienna Rules ” ) state no preference but allow discretion on the part of the appointing authority in deciding whether to appoint one or three arbitrators ( article 14 ( 2 ) ) . The Working Group might wish to decide whether the default composition for arbitral tribunals of three members should be kept or modified . Appointment of arbitrators—Articles 6-8
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	43	2.4 On 18 May 2000 , Encarnación Sánchez Linares was given notice to leave her home within four months . Ms. Sánchez appealed to the City Council on 19 June 2000 , asking for these decisions to be annulled to enable her to keep her home . 2.5 On 4 October 2000 , the councillor responsible for town planning issued an order to vacate the premises within 10 days , invoking the urgent need for the land to be made available in order to build a sports centre .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	40	Same personal rights as husband and wife , including the right to choose family name , a profession and an occupation When entering a marriage , a bride and a groom can agree on the following : 1. each shall keep her/his own surname , 2. one of their surnames shall be their mutual surname , 3. both their surnames shall be their mutual surname , 4. each of them shall add her/his surname to that of the other spouse and decide which of them she/he shall use on the first place , and which on the second . In case of agreement on surname bride and groom shall decide which surname they shall use on first and which on second place .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	76	The Committee has made particular efforts to bring to fruition resolutions 1526 ( 2004 ) , 1617 ( 2005 ) , 1730 ( 2006 ) and 1822 ( 2008 ) , among others , which has resulted in very important steps towards greater transparency and legitimacy of that subsidiary organ . To the extent that the Committee 's procedures , in particular those that directly affect individuals and legal entities throughout the world , are in keeping with the standards of international human rights law and the principles recognized by the great majority of nations with regard to due process , the implementation of the sanctions regime that began with resolution 1267 ( 1999 ) will be more successful . Effectiveness and legitimacy go hand in hand in the international struggle against terrorism .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	74	The search for a mutually acceptable solution between the parties in Western Sahara remained the focus of the United Nations efforts to overcome the multiple problems impeding implementation of the settlement plan . After meeting with officials of the Government of Morocco to determine if Morocco , as the administrative Power in Western Sahara , was prepared to offer or support some devolution of authority to the Territory that would be substantial and in keeping with international norms , my Personal Envoy presented a draft framework agreement on the status of Western Sahara to the Frente POLISARIO and to the Government of Algeria . In view of the adoption of resolution 1359 ( 2001 ) by the Security Council , the parties are expected to meet directly or through proximity talks under the auspices of my Personal Envoy to discuss the draft framework agreement , and negotiate specific changes to the document .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	45	The establishment of such a zone will lead to a positive environment of cooperation between the countries of the region and help to control the arms race there . In that regard , the Sultanate of Oman calls upon all parties to the talks to keep the negotiations open . Direct dialogue is the only means to bring about the necessary solutions to that nuclear issue .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	89	Regrettably , I can not report any progress towards overcoming the obstacles to the implementation of the settlement plan , or towards determining whether the Government of Morocco , as administrative Power in Western Sahara , is prepared to offer or support some devolution of authority for all inhabitants and former inhabitants of the Territory that is genuine , substantial and in keeping with international norms . The only positive development during the period has been the decision by the Frente POLISARIO , on 14 December 2000 , in keeping with a prior commitment to my Personal Envoy , to release 201 Moroccan prisoners of war on humanitarian grounds . I wish to express my deep appreciation to the Frente POLISARIO for this gesture and my gratitude to the International Committee of the Red Cross and all those who assisted in facilitating the repatriation .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	54	Peru is firmly committed to combating impunity , and it recognizes the important work being done by the ICC in this regard . The Security Council must continue to support the Prosecutor in the investigation under way concerning the crimes committed in Darfur and ensure that the Sudan cooperates promptly and properly , in keeping with the Council 's relevant resolutions . Likewise , the Security Council should provide the firmest possible support on the ground for the apprehension of the five leaders of the Lord 's Resistance Army for whom an arrest warrant has been issued by the ICC .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	15	Above all , it is a time for children . We politicians and decision-makers should keep the focus on children even after the holidays . We should constantly seek direct contact with children and ask them what we can do for them and what we and they can do together .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	55	Moreover , in cases where the parents and the family seriously fail in their duties , ill-treat or neglect the child , the State should intervene to restrict parental authority and the child may be separated from his family when circumstances so require . If the marriage is dissolved , steps should be taken , keeping in view the paramount interest of the children , to give them necessary protection and , so far as is possible , to guarantee personal relations with both parents . The Committee considers it useful that reports by States parties should provide information on the special measures of protection adopted to protect children who are abandoned or deprived of their family environment in order to enable them to develop in conditions that most closely resemble those characterizing the family environment .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	65	We call for the experts ' panel established by the IAEA Director General to carry out and complete its work as quickly as possible . We reaffirm once again that our position on the production of fissile material is based on the fact that all nuclear material , including stockpiles , should be subjected to the safeguards and verification regime , which must be in keeping with the objectives of any convention concluded in this regard . In conclusion , I would like to confirm that Egypt will always support the activities of the IAEA and will strengthen its capabilities to face future challenges in this context .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	22	The world has never been short of commitments and pledges . However , the fundamental challenge involves translating words into deeds and keeping the commitments already made . Estimates indicate that at least a doubling of official development assistance from its current level of $ 50 billion is needed to fulfil the Millennium Development Goals , which were globally pledged .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	94	I have previously noted the repeated statements by representatives of the Government of the Syrian Arab Republic that the Shab'a farms area is Lebanese and not ( Israeli-occupied ) the Syrian Arab Republic territory , as determined by the United Nations on the basis of the Blue Line , and my caveat that the determination by the United Nations of the status of the Shab'a Farms is without prejudice to any border delineation agreement between the Syrian Arab Republic and Lebanon . I have previously called on both Governments to urgently take steps in keeping with international law to reach such an agreement . I have also noted Lebanon 's readiness to deal with this issue and urgently called for the cooperation of the Syrian Arab Republic .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	15	Action by the Committee In pursuance of its mandate , the Committee will continue to keep under review the situation relating to the question of Palestine and participate in relevant meetings of the Security Council and the General Assembly . The Committee will also continue to monitor the situation on the ground and draw the attention of the international community to urgent developments in the Occupied Palestinian Territory , including Jerusalem , requiring international action .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	76	We believe that this road map will help to supplement national efforts designed to tackle those problems , which , with their cascade effect , are seriously jeopardizing the fulfilment of the Millennium Development Goals , particularly the eradication of extreme poverty , hunger and child malnutrition and the strengthening of governance . In that context , we call respectfully but urgently on the oil-producing countries to adopt policies that are robust , predictable and in keeping with current realities so as to avoid a deepening of the crisis . In addition , we urge them to consider including in existing cooperation instruments not only favourable financing arrangements , but also preferential pricing , for developing countries .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	16	These constraints have been taken into consideration in the implementation of common services endeavours . In keeping with the Secretary-General 's approach , it was decided to focus initial attention on New York where the United Nations and the funds and programmes , which are under the authority of the Secretary-General , including the United Nations Development Programme ( UNDP ) , the United Nations Children 's Fund ( UNICEF ) , the United Nations Population Fund ( UNFPA ) and the United Nations Office for Project Services ( UNOPS ) , are headquartered . It is expected that the achievement of tangible results in New York will facilitate the launching of similar initiatives in Vienna and Geneva , where common services already exist in various forms , as well as in other locations .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	14	It is expected to issue draft recommendations by the end of August . In keeping with General Assembly resolutions , all new and updated web pages created by the Department , which is the manager of the United Nations website , will comply with these guidelines once they are instituted as organizational standards . Moreover , the Department of Economic and Social Affairs developed its current website ( http : //www.un.org/esa/socdev/enable/ ) in 2004 in order to efficiently disseminate updates on the Ad Hoc Committee meetings drafting the Convention .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	29	The report also included recommendations for measures to be taken against Liberia which are detrimental to the interests of Liberia . In view of the above , and in keeping with Article 32 of the Charter of the United Nations , Liberia wishes to request that it be invited to the discussion of the Security Council on the Panel 's report . Additionally , and in keeping with rule 38 of the provisional rules of procedure of the Security Council , I wish to inform the Security Council that the Government of Liberia will make a proposal for the Council 's consideration .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	45	Reiterates its firm support for the mission of good offices of the Secretary-General in order to assist the parties in complying with the request made by the General Assembly in its resolutions on the question of the Falkland Islands ( Malvinas ) ; Decides to keep under review the question of the Falkland Islands ( Malvinas ) subject to the directives that the General Assembly has issued and may issue in that regard . Chapter XII
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	46	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of programmes of assistance to the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations decisions relating to decolonization , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly ,
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	31	( e ) A climate of serenity and dignity of the Commission 's meetings commensurate with its solemn work should be ensured at all times . Noise levels are to be kept to minimal levels in the meeting room . United Nations practice concerning documents distribution by participants and the electronic media should prevail ;
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	34	That is in the interest of all , Africans and non-Africans alike . To conclude , it is gratifying to note the commendable role of the Office of the Special Adviser on Africa in keeping African issues on the global agenda and promoting international support for peace and development in Africa , as well as in coordinating efforts within the United Nations system to ensure policy coherence on NEPAD priorities . Mr. Diarra ( Mali ) ( spoke in French ) : My delegation associates itself with the statement made by the representative of Nigeria on behalf of the African Union and with the statement made by the representative of Qatar on behalf of the Group of 77 and China .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	61	We live in a time when we can not ignore the need to give the greatest priority to the issue of interreligious and intercultural dialogue on understanding and cooperation for peace , given the problems afflicting the modern world that cast long shadows over international peace , security and stability . Given the importance of this issue , it must be kept on the international agenda and sufficient time must be devoted to it , in order that all points of view may be expressed . In order to ensure that the dialogue is genuine , effective and positive and has the support of the entire world , it must be based on the principles of equality and the acceptance of others — with all their cultural specificities and attributes — while respecting their values and eliminating stereotypes and rejecting the dominance of one culture over another .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	49	Working with the agencies on the ground , the political and development wings of the mission should organize the mobilization of community groups , especially women 's groups , and expand the pool of skills needed to sustain the peace process . A roster of such groups could be kept by DPKO , in collaboration with regional bodies and agencies . The code of conduct for peacekeepers should be regularly updated and where there are infringements , there should be a continuation of apprehension and discipline .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	17	This report covers the period from approximately the beginning of March to 7 May 2002 . In keeping with the request of the General Assembly , the substantive portion of the report is based on sources of information available to the United Nations , including those in the public domain and submitted by non-governmental organizations . The report begins by setting out the context and background , before describing recent events .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	26	Do buy meat the day or the day before you intend to cook it . Keep it no longer than 36 hours before cooking , and keep it in the coldest ( but non-freezing ) compartment of the refrigerator . Do n't plan meals that are too complicated .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	49	Belarus is a party to most of the international conventions on IHL which are currently in force . The Constitution of Belarus contains provisions which acknowledge the primacy of generally recognized principles of international law , including IHL , and the need to ensure that national legislation is in keeping with those principles ( art . Current legislation in Belarus has been brought into line with the above-mentioned provisions of the Constitution .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	20	Other interpretations present the music as an essentially intimate creation . In these readings , the double bass is either kept discreetly in the background , or it is dressed in clown 's attire - the musical equivalent of a bull in a china shop . Recently I was struck anew by the divergent approaches , when in the course of one afternoon and evening I listened to no fewer than ten different performances .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	61	Requests the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session a report on the implementation of the present resolution , and also requests the Secretary-General , upon the completion of the work of the ad hoc committee referred to above , to submit recommendations on options for further consideration by the Assembly regarding this question ; Decides to keep the matter under review and to include in the provisional agenda of its fifty-seventh session a sub-item entitled “ Preventing and combating corrupt practices and transfer of funds of illicit origin and returning such funds to the countries of origin ” under the item entitled “ Sectoral policy questions ” . 90th plenary meeting 21 December 2001
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	22	But despite such constraints , the Working Group did a remarkable job of fulfilling its mission . It will thus have helped keep Africa at the focal point of the Organization 's attention — which is another virtue of the work it has done . Furthermore , the innovative formula used by the Working Group as a result of the very rich interaction between Member States and the agencies , institutions and programmes of the United Nations system deserves praise .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	55	On 15 April 2002 , at its 40th meeting , the Committee considered , on a preliminary basis , the report of the Monitoring Mechanism on Sanctions against UNITA submitted pursuant to paragraph 6 of resolution 1374 ( 2001 ) ( S/2002/486 ) . The Committee welcomed the report and agreed that sanctions should be kept in place until the peace process was irreversible . Regarding the Committee 's list , the Chairman informed members that his delegation had been in contact with the Angolan delegation to produce a shorter and more detailed list .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	74	Of course , any listing or de-listing by the United Nations does not prevent individual Member States from taking further action against the person or assets involved , pursuant to their own internal laws . States are always free to initiate criminal , civil or administrative proceedings against the listed ( or de-listed ) person or entity and to take action to take title to and seize the assets involved — rather than merely keeping them frozen , as the United Nations resolutions require — assuming States can satisfy the proper evidentiary standards imposed by their laws . States also are free , if they choose , to enact laws to permit victims of terrorism to obtain such assets , assuming the proper national standards are satisfied .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	52	Only four of 35 States reported cases of explosives smuggled into their territories ; no State reported any cases of smuggling from their territories to other States ; and only five States reported cases involving any other transnational elements . One possible explanation is that records of such cases are simply not kept or recorded in a format that permitted them to be used in response to the survey . Another likely scenario is that groups sophisticated enough to smuggle explosives or use them in support of transnational crime activities represent a serious threat , but tend to commit small numbers of major crimes , justifying the official concern but not generating significant incident statistics .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	80	The resultant findings are used to strengthen national capacities to improve the designs of policies and programmes for children and women that relate to realizing the provisions of the Convention on the Rights of the Child and the targets of the Millennium Development Goals . Furthermore , this provision strengthens the capacity of UNICEF to fulfil its role as the world 's lead agency for children , especially with respect to providing support to Member States in their efforts to keep the commitments set forth in the Declaration and Plan of Action of A World Fit for Children . Since 1999 , the Executive Director has also reported in her annual reports on utilization of the 7 per cent set-aside for flexibility , whose aims and results include :
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	28	Options for the international community to help with issues connected with Chernobyl in the future If the existing problems are to be addressed , Chernobyl-related issues must be kept on the agenda of the General Assembly , and cooperation between Ukraine and the United Nations and specialized agencies working in this field must be expanded . As the central policy and coordinating mechanism of the United Nations for Chernobyl issues , the Quadripartite Committee for Coordination must continue to operate .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	58	Chapter III Recommendations At the 35th meeting , the Ad Hoc Committee , bearing in mind General Assembly resolution 59/46 of 2 December 2004 , decided to recommend that the Sixth Committee , at the sixtieth session of the Assembly , establish a working group with a view to finalizing the draft comprehensive convention on international terrorism and keep in its agenda the question of convening a high-level conference , under the auspices of the United Nations , to formulate a joint organized response of the international community to terrorism in all its forms and manifestations . Also at the 35th meeting , the Ad Hoc Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly the adoption , during its fifty-ninth session , of the following draft resolution , containing in its annex the draft International Convention for the Suppression of Acts of Nuclear Terrorism :
keep%2:31:00::	keep.v	60	If local measures based on the aforementioned legislation are coupled with the international bulletins and studies received via the Interpol offices , the judicial police in Lebanon has at its disposal the wherewithal to set up a defensive system to prevent terrorist groups from realizing their objectives and making Lebanon a springboard for terrorist acts . It is easy to keep suspect groups located in specific places under surveillance by means of the competent security organs and to learn about their movements if police informers are slipped in among them to discover criminal designs and report them to the police , which can in turn inform other States through the competent authorities so that precautions may be taken . Moreover , nipping such acts in the bud forestalls all anticipated or planned acts .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	10	The Old Man silently fed upon these streets . They kept him alive , waiting . Waiting for what and for whom , only he could tell and would not .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	15	Comments of the Board The Board notes the action taken by the Administration and will keep this matter under review in its future audits . Recommendation in paragraph 90
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	29	Activity logs and access violation logs should be printed and reviewed regularly by management . An audit trail of the pursuant actions taken should be initiated and all reports kept as evidence of reviewing . e ) System development life cycle ( SDLC ) methodology
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	39	Spanish ODA has doubled in percentage and tripled in quantity in the past three years , and will reach 0.5 per cent of gross domestic product in 2008 , amounting to approximately $ 8 billion . We are also keeping our commitment , on the one hand , to allocate 20 per cent of ODA to the poorest countries — mainly in sub-Saharan Africa , which is becoming more important in our cooperation — and on the other , to contribute 20 per cent of ODA to basic social sectors . Furthermore , that increase in aid is being carried out without prejudice to our support for middle-income countries .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	67	Probably as a result , efforts aimed at fostering cooperation and coordination within the United Nations procurement community have not been as systematic and as productive as they might have been within the CEB framework . The foregoing may also explain the limited overall implementation at the inter-agency level of successive General Assembly resolutions calling for the harmonization of procurement policies , rules and procedures , in keeping with the above-mentioned clauses of the Relationship Agreements . As far back as 1979 , for example , the General Assembly had requested the organizations to take measures to achieve maximum uniformity of administrative , financial , budgetary , personnel and planning procedures , including the establishment of a common procurement system .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	45	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of assistance programmes to the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations decisions relating to decolonization , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling its relevant resolutions ,
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	91	At its regular session on 28 September 2000 , the Advisory Commission of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East considered your draft annual report on the Agency 's activities and operations during the period 1 July 1999 to 30 June 2000 , which is to be submitted to the General Assembly at its fifty-fifth session . The Advisory Commission noted with great appreciation the efforts of UNRWA , despite the severe financial constraints under which the Agency carried out its operations , to keep to a high standard the services UNRWA continues to provide to the more than 3.7 million Palestine refugees in Jordan , Lebanon , the Syrian Arab Republic , Gaza and the West Bank . The Advisory Commission expressed great appreciation to the host Governments for their continuing support and services provided to Palestine refugees .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	37	( a ) Other substantive activities : printing of philatelic materials . Issuance of United Nations postage stamps and postal stationary , including the subject , design and quantity to be printed ; security and archival safe keeping of postal stocks ; liaison with the postal authorities of the United States of America , Switzerland , Austria and other countries regarding postal and philatelic regulations and procedures ; liaison with the Universal Postal Union regarding philatelic and postal regulations and procedures ; and participation in activities of the World Association for the Development of Philately ; ( b ) Administrative support services : marketing .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	39	He also reiterated that the knowledge possessed by United Nations organizations could help States achieve national development goals . The Administrator went on to discuss the essential role of States in ensuring economic and social development , stability and keeping the peace , and the need to invest in the capacities of leadership and State institutions for this purpose . He emphasized the value of States working as enablers and facilitators between civil society , the private sector and international development partners in respect of advancing national development agendas .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	88	In addition to a media campaign spreading a message on the supremacy of traditional religions and calling for bans on other communities , the authorities were allegedly targeting these groups ( such as the Charismatic Evangelical Church of Christ and Jehovah 's Witnesses ) through the harassment of their members and/or the denial of registration . Two women lecturers at the University of Taraz were reportedly moved to lower positions because they had converted from Islam to Christianity and because their beliefs were regarded as not being in keeping with the State ideology ; they were allegedly warned that their contracts would not be renewed . A draft bill by the Ministry of Culture , Information and Social Affairs was said to be designed to strengthen State control over the activities of non-traditional religious associations : one provision prohibited independent publications and proselytizing activities by foreign religious organizations .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	52	To conclude , I would just like to note that the figures that are being discussed should be compared to what is being done in other theatres of operation . When I think that the present military force in Timor-Leste is approximately one sixth of the force that NATO deems prudent to keep in Kosovo , I think that the adjustments that we are suggesting reflect just a prudent approach to a situation where some elements remain murky . The size and nature of the threat will require further , continued review .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	6	UNCTAD should : ( a ) Keep under review and monitor developments relating to economic , commercial , legal and infrastructure aspects of electronic commerce affecting international transport services , and analyse the implications thereof for developing countries , and furthermore collect and disseminate this information to member countries . ( b ) Undertake studies on the use of traditional transport documents in international trade , particularly the extent to which negotiable bills of lading are necessary for modern-day international trade , and the extent to which they can be substituted by non-negotiable transport documents , such as sea waybills , and by electronic alternatives .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	79	The report of the Group of Eminent Persons on Commodity Issues convened by UNCTAD includes several recommendations that are relevant in this context , including on the importance of enhanced , equitable and predictable market access for commodities of key importance to developing countries , addressing the problems of oversupply , making compensatory financing schemes user-friendly and operational , strengthening capacity and institutions , and establishing a diversification fund . Within the MTS , the current trade negotiations in keeping with the Doha mandate could contribute to improved prospects for commodity prices and the diversification of developing countries ' exports . Attention should be given to the provision of assistance to mitigate the consequences of earnings shortfalls resulting from low prices caused by structural oversupply , including through International Monetary Fund facilities , and to efforts to reduce the likelihood and scope of these shortfalls through the application of commodity price risk management and financial instruments and the implementation of diversification programmes .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	31	A particularly effective measure was the recent introduction of start-up kits for new missions as a first-line procurement support mechanism . Under this arrangement , the most frequently used items are kept in reserve at the United Nations Logistics Base at Brindisi , Italy , and are shipped as a package to missions during their inception or expansion . The General Assembly , in its resolution 52/1 B of 26 June 1998 , authorized the maintenance of two start-up kits .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	37	( 25 ) The Committee reiterates its concern at the existence of military and police courts , whose activities are not limited to trying offences committed in the course of duty . This situation is not in keeping with the international treaties to which Ecuador is a party ( arts. 12 and 13 ) . The State party should ensure that the ordinary courts fully exercise their competence , in keeping with its international obligations and the terms of transitional provision No. 26 of the Constitution , so as to ensure the full independence of the judiciary .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	27	Democracy is undermined if elected African governments have policies imposed from outside , leaving their democratic institutions without any real choices . Third , commitments must be kept . This is a point that hardly needs to be reiterated .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	41	Yet , African States have not resolved whether and how they should impose sanctions on resisting States . Importantly , the G8 has clearly stated that its support for the NEPAD plan will depend on the ability of African leaders to keep their commitments to economic and political reforms . African leaders , for their part , have stressed that only the speedy provision of tangible benefits promised by the G8 and other donors can ensure the fulfilment of NEPAD 's goals .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	83	The key additional element in the GATS is that the national treatment obligation does not apply across the board but only “ In the sectors inscribed in [ the WTO Member 's ] Schedule , and subject to any conditions and qualifications set out therein ” ( i.e. the member 's specific commitments ) . Thus , each member first decides which services sector will be subject to the GATS national treatment discipline , and then exempts those measures that it wishes to keep in place even though they represent a violation of national treatment . The exact content of the national treatment obligation under the GATS and any limitation on regulatory action are therefore determined not only by the interaction of the national treatment provision and the general exceptions but , and perhaps more importantly , by the extent of the limitations inscribed in each member 's schedule .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	25	Opening of the session by the Deputy-Secretary-General The Temporary Chairman said that since 1961 , the Committee of 24 had played a central role in keeping the principle of self-determination on the agenda of the United Nations . In May 2002 , East Timor would join the ranks of sovereign States , ending a long period of suffering and marking another major achievement of the decolonization movement , which had brought about one of the signal transformations of the twentieth century .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	83	In view of what has been planned for phase III — the expansion of MONUC activities to areas where fighting continues — we attach particular importance to compliance by the parties of the conflict with their obligations to provide adequate security conditions to United Nations peacekeepers . The thrust of the concept of phase III of the MONUC deployment to create conditions for voluntary disarmament , demobilization , repatriation , resettlement and reintegration ( DDRRR ) of members of armed groups is in keeping with our approach regarding the impossibility of using force to try to resolve this problem . We believe that the success or failure of all efforts in this areas will depend ultimately on the extent to which people who were in the ranks of armed groups active in the Democratic Republic of the Congo feel protected upon returning to their home countries .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	3	Goddamn it . Keep the chatter to a minimum , short answers , one word , if possible . Less bull the more you can do with um .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	44	This has indeed been a long-standing priority project , and progress made towards its achievement will boost the Government 's authority and legitimacy and that of all political leaders who have committed themselves to its success . This disarmament process will also be in keeping with the legal requirements of the new political party law , which mandates the clear separation of political formations from their military wings as a precondition for their participation in the electoral process . In that context , I would like once again to underscore the need for adequate international security assistance to support the efforts of the Afghan Government in the electoral process and to protect that process from both factional threats and attempts to simply terminate it .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	52	The accelerated strategy IV promised to bring the cost of the project back to within the approved budget of $ 1.87 billion by expediting the construction schedule and reducing safety , security and operational risks . The European Union also stressed the importance it attached to the Secretary-General 's renewed commitment to keep the costs of the plan within the approved budget and financing schedule set out in General Assembly resolution 61/251 . It had serious concerns about the potential consequences of additional delays in the implementation of the plan and looked forward to further clarification of the concept of value engineering .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	42	There are still lacunae , for example , it has become increasingly clear that we need further international legal regulations so as to ensure that cyberspace is never used for terrorist purposes . At the political level , it is crucial to keep and strengthen the broad international coalition formed in response to the terrorist act of September 2001 . The Russian Federation will continue to work closely and actively with other States to strengthen the international community and the United Nations potential to deal with issues relating to insecurity resulting from terrorism .
keep%2:40:09::	keep.v	35	According to studies undertaken in 2000 by the Ministry , women 's right to land ownership was indeed implemented without discrimination . The problem to which she had referred came later : how women could keep their land . Fees had to be paid , instalment payments had to be met , and women often lacked the resources needed to do so .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	90	“ The Security Council welcomes the Secretary-General 's briefing on 18 April 2006 on Chad/Sudan relations and endorses his deep concerns over the political and security situation and the instability along Chad 's borders with Sudan , as well as over the possible spillover effects of these crises on neighbouring countries and the entire region . The Security Council encourages the Secretary-General to continue his consultations with relevant parties , in particular the African Union , on the matter and requests him to closely follow the situation and continue to keep the Security Council informed . “ The Security Council welcomes the fact-finding mission dispatched by the African Union in Chad and looks forward to its conclusions .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	47	In the course of future development , it will intensify reforms so as to create the policy environment for equilibrium and ensure food security . China will continue to implement the basic regulations on the protection of farm land and will step up arable land management in keeping with the Land Administration Act and the basic regulations . To ensure it can supply the principal agricultural products , it has already set a basic minimum farmed area of 108.53 million hectares for 2005 , with a minimum cultivable reserve of 128 million hectares .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	23	Those issues can be resolved only in a secure environment that inspires the confidence of all parties . There is a peace to keep in Côte d'Ivoire , however fragile it may appear . The presence of the impartial forces is vital to prevent a complete breakdown in security , which would bring the political process to a halt and create more suffering for the people of Côte d'Ivoire .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	67	Prior to doing business with potential customers , banks and other financial institutions are required to gather information on their identity , aims and goals of their business venture and other relevant information in order to know the customers potential profile and the identity of other parties , in the case that the potential customer acts on behalf of another party . They are also required to keep customer records for 5 years including updating old customer records , and to identify and to report suspicious transactions to INTRAC . The identity of potential customer should be supported by relevant documents .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its sixty-first session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Stabilization Mission in Haiti ” . A/60/646 and A/60/728 .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	44	Letter dated 15 June 2009 from the Chair of the Committee As you are aware , the General Assembly , by its resolution 63/26 , has again requested the Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People to continue to keep under review the situation relating to the question of Palestine and to report and make suggestions to the General Assembly , the Security Council or the Secretary-General , as appropriate . By the same resolution , the Assembly requested the Secretary-General to continue to provide the Committee with all the necessary facilities for the performance of its tasks .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	65	The cooperation given by the Government of New Zealand during the visit of the Special Committee to Tokelau in 2002 and the United Kingdom 's initiative to hold a regional seminar in Anguilla in 2003 augured well with respect to the administering Powers ' desire for openness and transparency with respect to the Non-Self-Governing Territories . However , the administering Powers had by no means kept all the promises they had made with respect to improving the living standards of the peoples in the Territories . Moreover , they were far from meeting their obligations under the Charter of the United Nations to promote the interests of those peoples and to respect their culture and their aspirations .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	47	The Organization is following with interest the efforts of the Security Council to collaborate with the General Assembly and the Economic and Social Council and to streamline its working methods . The Organization trusts that the Security Council will consolidate the gains that have been made and keep moving forward . The Secretary-General views reform of the Security Council as part of the ongoing efforts to make this indispensable organ more broadly representative and efficient .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	49	To make matters more complicated , public perception of refugee problems has been affected worldwide by incidents of trafficking and smuggling of people , as well as by the recurring waves of economic migrants . It is important that countries adopting more restrictive immigration and anti-terrorist measures continue to keep their borders open to refugees . On the one hand , terrorists must be prevented from gaining admission to countries by illegally abusing their asylum status .
keep%2:40:09::	keep.v	102	In its Judgement 1915 of 2 February 2000 , in re Abdur , Drechsler and Zeller [ versus IAEA ] , the ILO Administrative Tribunal recalled , in its examination of the case which had led to Judgement 1713 , that it had addressed the issue of the abolition of the language factor granted to General Service staff working in cities in which the national language was not one of the working languages of the organization. It had indicated in that judgement that : “ the manner of applying Flemming does not turn on such variables as the desire of staff to keep their jobs or the ease or difficulty of finding good local recruits . What Flemming ordains is that General Service staff shall have pay and other terms of employment that match the best on offer at their duty station … It is right to adjust pay by a language factor when jobs that do not require proficiency in a second language are matched with jobs that do .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	43	In fact , the draft under consideration does not provide , anywhere , for either the withdrawal of the administration of the “ administering Power ” or the cantonment of its forces . On the contrary , by envisaging that this Power will keep different high responsibilities , among them the “ national ” security , the determination and the defence of the frontiers , the production , possession , sale or use of armaments , the draft endorses the present situation and makes it everlasting . It is therefore clear that , assuming that the Executive would not be , straight away , a simple emanation or a reflect of the administration , the army and the police of the “ administering Power ” , everything would lead to the conclusion that this Executive would be , at best , a hostage-Executive , and a body deprived of proper authority , condemned either to paralysis or to dependence and inefficiency .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	78	We took the view that those safeguards provided a sound framework for the protection and enhancement of human rights. Indeed , they had served Hong Kong well and we concluded by reaffirming our belief that it was sensible to continue with this framework rather than to devise an entirely new institution with a wide-ranging but imprecise remit in the field of human rights . However , in the light of the Committee 's continued concern , we shall keep in view any future changes of circumstance that may require us to reconsider our position . Review of the Equal Opportunities Commission ( EOC )
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	55	In this regard , Egypt believes that there is an organic link between deploying peacekeeping missions and attaining peace agreements . We therefore agree with the Secretary-General observation in his report on the work of the organization at the sixty-third session of the General Assembly : that peacekeeping requires that there be a peace to keep . Accordingly , all parties should consider the role of the United Nations in addressing issues of concern at an early stage , before these issues evolve into conflicts that require intervention by the Security Council or the dispatch of a peacekeeping operation .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	41	As far as remittance systems are concerned , banks and money-changing companies in Yemen effect local and international transfer operations by means of the electronic and accounting systems used worldwide . In transferring funds they comply with Central Bank directives on keeping records , knowing the customer and reporting suspicious transactions . In addition , licensed bureaux de change carry out some transfer operations in accordance with the Exchange Act and Central Bank directives .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	104	In addition , the Secretary-General of the United Nations and the Security Council are making efforts , which fall within their responsibilities , to initiate a political solution to the regional dispute over the “ Western Sahara ” . Accordingly , in his report of 24 April 2001 , the Secretary-General said that he did “ believe that substantial progress has been made towards determining whether the Government of Morocco as the administrative power in Western Sahara is prepared to offer or support some devolution of authority for all the inhabitants and former inhabitants of the Territory that is genuine , substantial and in keeping with international norms ” ( see S/2001/398 , para . The status of administrative power , and not administering power ( in the sense of Article 73 of the Charter ) , was , moreover , referred to by the Legal Counsellor .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	3	General Decides to keep the item entitled “ Elimination of racism and racial discrimination ” on its agenda and to consider it as a matter of high priority at its fifty-sixth session . The Third Committee also recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft decision :
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	56	The Syrian Arab Republic abstained in the vote on the resolution just adopted by the Council . We did so to reflect the Arab position endorsed by the Foreign Ministers of Arab States members of the Arab follow-up committee that met in Cairo on 5 August 2003 on the question of fraternal Iraq , and in keeping with Syria 's responsibility as the Arab representative on the Security Council . Syria and all Arab States support the need to end the occupation of Iraq and to form a legitimate national Iraqi Government , as soon as possible and within a clear and specific time frame , based on equal rights and justice for all Iraqi citizens and free of ethnic , gender or religious discrimination , so that the world will be able to deal with a legitimate Iraqi Government .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	69	Ms. LAVERY ( United Kingdom ) , speaking on behalf of the European Union , said that the sponsors could agree to the deletion of the words “ projects or other ” , provided that the notion that Member States could decide for which purpose they wished their share of unencumbered balances to be assigned was retained . The words “ and/or costs associated with decentralization ” should be kept , the reason being that , in the event of extra funding being needed for the implementation of the UNIDO/UNDP Cooperation Agreement , Member States should have the option of using their unencumbered balances to ensure continuance of the Agreement . The expression “ technical cooperation activities ” alone was too narrow and could cover items such as staff costs .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	53	The people with whom he had spoken widely perceived those charges as an attempt by the Government to suppress the opposition and to settle old political scores . To date , the Government had failed to offer any credible evidence to implicate those who were being detained and had used legal procedures to keep the suspects in custody even after the Supreme Court had ruled that they should be released . He had interviewed the detainees , each of whom had pleaded innocent to the charges against them .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	38	On 22 August 2008 , the Micronesia ( Federated States of ) reported that efforts are underway to becoming a party to the Convention with a resolution pending Congressional ratification . The 8MSP placed a priority , in keeping with Action # 3 of the Nairobi Action Plan , on increasing universalisation efforts targeting those States not parties that continue to use , produce , or possess large stockpiles of anti-personnel mines , including those developing new kinds of anti-personnel mines . In this context , since the 8MSP , the President of the 8MSP visited Finland , Poland , the Republic of Korea , Singapore and [ the United States of America ] - States not parties that are presumed to hold large stocks of anti-personnel mines - to deliver the message that the world would be a better place if they joined the States Parties ' common effort .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	58	Recalls the endorsement of the report of the Forum Ministerial Committee on New Caledonia by leaders of the Pacific Islands Forum at its 36th Summit , held in Papua New Guinea in October 2005 , and the continuing role of the Forum Ministerial Committee in monitoring developments in the Territory and encouraging closer regional engagements ; Decides to keep under continuous review the process unfolding in New Caledonia as a result of the signing of the Nouméa Accord ; Requests the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples to continue the examination of the question of the Non-Self-Governing Territory of New Caledonia and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its sixty-fourth session .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	35	The event was a follow-up to a seminar on advancing the Ottawa Convention in Northern and Eastern Europe , which was held in Vilnius in 2004 . The primary aim of the seminar was to keep the momentum for the process of ratification and preparation for the successful implementation of Protocol V , on Explosive Remnants of War , to the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons Which May Be Deemed to Be Excessively Injurious or to Have Indiscriminate Effects . The Organization also hosted a workshop in Zagreb , on 27 March 2006 , on controlling the sale and export of small arms and light weapons in South-Eastern Europe and the Caucasus .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	61	The emphasis at present is on supervision , inspection , assessment and homologation of nine-year compulsory education . In order to guarantee that school-age children do indeed attend compulsory education , many areas practice a target responsibility system linking higher and lower levels of government with higher and lower-level education authorities , and using economic , administrative and legal means to keep student drop-out rates under control . In areas where the drop-out rate exceeds stipulated standards , the education inspectorate will require the local government and education authorities to rectify matters within a set period .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	24	The National Action Charter sets out the guiding principles of national action and the role of State institutions and the constitutional powers . In keeping with the wishes of the people , who embraced the principles set out in the Charter , and with a view to creating a better future in which the nation and the citizen enjoy greater prosperity , progress , growth , stability and well-being , the Constitution of Bahrain of 6 December 1973 was amended in line with the Charter . The amended Constitution was promulgated on 14 February 2002 .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	85	Recruits require a number of years of experience , best gained through work at both headquarters duty stations and in the field , so as to be able to operate effectively in the dynamic field environment , in particular at the start-up of a mission , and to be able to provide effective support from Headquarters . Moreover , since late 2003 , the peacekeeping doctrine has evolved to incorporate the concept of integrated peace operations , which represent a holistic response to observing and keeping the peace , establishing or re-establishing the rule of law and good governance and undertaking post-conflict reconstruction and development efforts critical to addressing the root causes of the conflict and building a sustainable peace . United Nations peace operations therefore require staff from virtually all areas of the Secretariat , as well as qualified staff for specialist functions that are not traditionally found in the Secretariat , including in the areas of civil affairs , disarmament , demobilization and reintegration , air operations , movement control and other specialist logistics functions .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	45	Reiterates its firm support for the mission of good offices of the Secretary-General in order to assist the parties in complying with the request made by the General Assembly in its resolutions on the question of the Falkland Islands ( Malvinas ) ; Decides to keep under review the question of the Falkland Islands ( Malvinas ) subject to the directives that the General Assembly has issued and may issue in that regard . Chapter XIII Recommendations
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	33	In addition , the period of validity of the orders and urgent police decrees is strictly limited ( Constitution , art. 185 , para . Any derogation from fundamental freedoms must be in keeping with , since 1974 , the requirements of article 15 of the ECHR or , since 1992 , article 4 of the International Convention on Civil and Political Rights . Incorporation of international human rights instruments into internal law
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	62	( e ) Report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights ( continued ) ( A/57/36 and A/57/446 ) Mr. Ziegler ( Special Rapporteur of the Commission on Human Rights on the right to food ) , introducing his report ( A/57/356 ) stressed the right of all human beings to access to an adequate food supply which was in keeping with their culture and traditions . Yet 36 million people died every year from hunger , a situation akin to murder because the planet could meet the food needs of double its current population .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	61	Meanwhile , leadership rivalries within the union of RCD-ML ( Mouvement de libération ) and MLC , known as the Front de libération du Congo ( FLC ) , led RCD-ML to withdraw its support from FLC . RCD announced on 18 September that it had appointed a 70-member provincial assembly , whose seat is located in North Kivu , in keeping with its previously announced plans to establish a federal system of government in the areas of the country under its control . RCD also organized an “ inter-Kivu dialogue ” in Bukavu with participants from both North and South Kivu , from 25 to 29 September .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-ninth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Stabilization Mission in Haiti ” . Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1540 ( 2004 )
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its sixtieth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo ” . 62nd plenary meeting 8 December 2005
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	50	In Medellín , Municipal Decree 326 , granting the police powers to break up and punish any large moving body of people , continued to be applied . This decree not only violates freedom of movement but also affects freedom of speech and freedom of association and is not in keeping with international requirements concerning states of emergency . The most serious violations of the right to freedom of movement , forced displacements , are dealt with in chapter VII , section 3 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	50	Allow me to commend the activities of UNMIK , particularly the fact that it continues to cooperate with the interim administration to transfer authority according to the benchmarks set by Mr. Steiner . The Mission is also working to ensure that any measures taken by the interim administration are in keeping with the rules and benchmarks , which in turn must be in keeping with resolution 1244 ( 1999 ) and the constitutional order . We appreciate the efforts that have been and continue to be made by the Government of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia to cooperate with the Mission , particularly the current cooperation reflected in the statement of Mr. Čović , Deputy Prime Minister of Yugoslavia .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	66	Commends with appreciation the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo for its cooperation with the United Nations , its specialized agencies and other organizations in addressing the need for rehabilitation and reconstruction , and in that regard welcomes the renewed dialogue and cooperation between them ; Renews its urgent appeal to the executive boards of the United Nations funds and programmes to continue to keep under consideration the special needs of the Democratic Republic of the Congo and expresses its appreciation to the Executive Board of the United Nations Development Programme and the United Nations Population Fund for its consideration of the country programme outline for the Democratic Republic of the Congo for the period 2003-2005 ; Encourages the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo to continue to pursue sound macroeconomic policies and to promote good governance and the rule of the law and urges the Government to exert all efforts to bring about economic recovery and reconstruction despite the ongoing armed conflict ;
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	40	Within the first five minutes of this interview it is apparent to the therapist that `` everybody '' truthfully refers to the woman 's husband . She says later , but still within the opening five minutes , `` I keep thinking of a divorce but that 's another emotional death '' . The linguistic and paralinguistic signals of misery are all present in the voice chart for this sentence ; so are certain signals that she does not accept divorce .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	33	Invites the Special Rapporteur to provide updated reports , as appropriate , on the situation of human rights in Afghanistan to the General Assembly and the Commission on Human Rights ; Decides to keep the situation of human rights in Afghanistan under consideration at its fifty-eighth session , in the light of additional elements provided by the Commission on Human Rights and the Economic and Social Council . Resolution 2200 A ( XXI ) , annex .
keep%2:40:09::	keep.v	60	In 2005 , the Government enacted the Decision-Making , Support and Protection to Adults Act , which provides more legal tools to assist adults with decision-making and provides a mechanism for responding to allegations of abuse and neglect of vulnerable adults . The Workforce Diversity Employment Office was created in 2004 in part to help people with disabilities get and keep jobs within the Yukon public service . A total of 22 people , including 12 women , have been hired since the Office opened .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	66	Acting under Chapter VII of the Charter of the United Nations , Reaffirms once again its support for the Peace Agreement , as well as for the Dayton Agreement on implementing the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina of 10 November 1995 ( S/1995/1021 , annex ) , calls upon the parties to comply strictly with their obligations under those Agreements , and expresses its intention to keep the implementation of the Peace Agreement , and the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina , under review ; Expresses its support for the declarations of the Ministerial meetings of the Peace Implementation Conference ;
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	24	Sixth , creditor countries and the international financial agencies will not seek a just and lasting solution to foreign debt . They prefer to keep us in debt — in other words , vulnerable . Therefore , even though we have paid off $ 4.1 trillion in debt servicing over the last 13 years , our debt has increased from $ 1.4 trillion to $ 2.6 trillion .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	68	The proposed resource growth of 1.3 per cent , which was largely related to the establishment of two posts at the P-4 level , reflected the priority attached to the activities of ITC . The United Nations Secretariat had opposed the reclassification of two P-3 posts to the P-4 level and one P-2 post to the P-3 level because of the need to maintain entry-level posts and in keeping with its policy of curbing inflation of the grade structure . However , it intended to review the matter in accordance with the recommendation of ACABQ , should that recommendation be approved by the General Assembly .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	58	Welcomes further the endorsement of the report of the Forum Ministerial Committee on New Caledonia by leaders of the Pacific Islands Forum at its 36th Summit , in October 2005 in Papua New Guinea , and the continuing role of the Forum Ministerial Committee in monitoring developments in the Territory and encouraging closer regional engagements ; Decides to keep under continuous review the process unfolding in New Caledonia as a result of the signing of the Nouméa Accord ; Requests the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples to continue the examination of the question of the Non-Self-Governing Territory of New Caledonia and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its sixty-second session .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	39	With no civilian casualty to anti-personnel mines in over 25 years , we judge that the humanitarian impact is negligible . That said , Mine Risk Education ( MRE ) continues for military and civilians on the island to keep mine awareness a key part of normal Health and Safety considerations . In 2001 , UK and Argentina agreed to carry out a joint feasibility study on the clearance of landmines in the Falkland Islands .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	114	The Frente POLISARIO had rejected the Moroccan proposal and had reiterated that it would cooperate and adhere to any dialogue that would be within the framework of the settlement plan . At the conclusion of those consultations , the Personal Envoy had been of the view , which the Secretary-General shared , that further meetings of the parties to seek a political solution could not succeed , and indeed could be counterproductive , unless the Government of Morocco as administrative power in Western Sahara was prepared to offer or support some devolution of governmental authority , for all inhabitants and former inhabitants of the Territory , that would be genuine , substantial and in keeping with international norms . The Secretary-General recalled that it was six months later , during the spring of 2001 , that the Personal Envoy was able to determine that Morocco as administrative power in Western Sahara was prepared to support a draft framework agreement ( S/2001/613 , annex I ) on the status of Western Sahara which envisaged a devolution of authority to the inhabitants of the Territory with final status to be determined by a referendum five years later .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	33	They expressed their support for efforts to be continued within the UN to explore further the issue of missiles in all its aspects . In this regard , they emphasised the need to keep the issue under the agenda of the UN General Assembly and that in accordance with its Resolution 59/67 a Panel of Governmental Experts on the issue of missiles in all its aspects would be established in 2007 . Pending the achievement of such a universal mechanism related to delivery systems for weapons of mass destruction , any initiative to address these concerns effectively and in a sustainable and comprehensive manner should be through an inclusive process of negotiations in a forum where all States could participate as equals .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	45	Reiterates its firm support for the mission of good offices of the Secretary-General in order to assist the parties in complying with the request made by the General Assembly in its resolutions on the question of the Falkland Islands ( Malvinas ) ; Decides to keep under review the question of the Falkland Islands ( Malvinas ) subject to the directives that the General Assembly has issued and may issue in that regard . Letter dated 2 May 2001 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the Security Council
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	27	Those three structures provide the political framework for networking with the public and private sectors and civil society , as well as the faith-based sector . In keeping with the principle of respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms , the Government of Malawi has come up with an HIV/AIDS policy which provides a legal and administrative framework and aims to meet the special needs of women , men and children living with HIV/AIDS , orphans and other marginalized groups . This year , the Malawi Government launched a nationwide programme on the prevention of mother-to-child transmission of HIV .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	45	The mandate of the Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People for the year 2003 is contained in General Assembly resolutions 57/107 , 57/108 and 57/109 of 3 December 2002 . The Assembly also requested the Committee to continue to keep under review the situation relating to the question of Palestine and to report and make suggestions to the General Assembly , the Security Council or the Secretary-General , as appropriate . It furthermore requested the Committee to continue to extend its cooperation and support to Palestinian and other civil society organizations in order to mobilize international solidarity and support for the achievement by the Palestinian people of its inalienable rights and for a peaceful settlement of the question of Palestine , and to involve additional civil society organizations in its work .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	86	3.4 The author adds that there was a violation of article 14 , paragraph 5 , since the Provincial High Court did not reassess the circumstantial evidence on the basis of which he had been sentenced by the court of first instance . 3.5 Lastly , the author considers that there is a violation of the right to equality before the law under article 26 , since he was not offered due process , and the taking of evidence during the oral proceedings was not in keeping with the principles of a fair hearing and adversarial procedure . State party 's observations and author 's comments
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	45	Reiterates its firm support for the mission of good offices of the Secretary-General in order to assist the parties in complying with the request made by the General Assembly in its resolutions on the question of the Falkland Islands ( Malvinas ) ; Decides to keep under review the question of the Falkland Islands ( Malvinas ) subject to the directives that the General Assembly has issued and may issue in that regard . Notes
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	38	Based on the comments received on these two drafts , the independent expert drafted the principles and guidelines annexed to the present report . The independent expert prepared the principles and guidelines in a manner that is in keeping with existing international law , taking into account all relevant international norms arising from treaties , customary international law , and resolutions of the General Assembly , the Economic and Social Council , the Commission on Human Rights and the Sub-Commission on the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights . The expert felt bound by the essential elements of the draft on which his mandate was based .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	90	Referring to the rules of keeping the banks ' documents related to their business we would like to mention that beside the general established rules by the State Archive for all enterprises , at present it is in force the official policy of the NBM of 25.10.97 on the banks ' files , which determines the terms for keeping the documents related to the identity of customers and their transactions . Thus , there are provided requirements on keeping the documents related to the credit portfolio for 5 years ; keeping the documents of founders and the money placed in the banks ' capital - on a permanent basis ; the daily documents - 3 years ; book of customers ' accounts - 5 years etc . It is necessary to mention that all the regulations of the NBM that refer to the anti-money laundering were developed with the assistance of foreign advisors ( IMF , Barents Group - KPMG Consulting - USAID , DeNederlandsche Bank , GTZ etc. ) and aim to the compliance of the banking supervision with the “ Core principles of the effective banking supervision ” of the Basel Committee .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	28	Australia makes a substantial contribution to the IAEA 's Technical Cooperation Fund . Our pledge to the Technical Cooperation Fund is paid in full each year , in keeping with our commitment to article IV . Australia supports ongoing reform of the technical cooperation programme to strengthen its effectiveness .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	7	Comments of the Board The Board will keep this matter under review in its subsequent audits . Recommendation 11 ( b )
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	52	The lack of a unified and effective security structure means that Afghans continue to be exposed to intimidation , violence and crime . This negatively impacts all aspects of the peace process. It creates a vicious cycle in that many who express a wish to give up their weapons feel impelled to keep them so long as they experience insecurity . The work of building a national army represents only part of the necessary security framework .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	100	Welcomes the efforts of the European Union and the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe to contribute to the implementation of the Framework Agreement , in particular through the presence of international observers ; Endorses the efforts of Member States and relevant international organizations to support the implementation of the Framework Agreement and strongly supports in that regard the establishment of a multinational security presence in The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia at the request of its Government to contribute towards the security of the observers , and invites the Government of The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia to keep the Council informed ; Demands that all concerned ensure the safety of international personnel in The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	36	“ It has always been the policy of the United Nations , acting through the Secretary-General , to compensate individuals who have suffered damages for which the Organization was legally liable . This policy is in keeping with generally recognized legal principles and with the Convention on Privileges and Immunities of the United Nations . In addition , in regard to the United Nations activities in the Congo , it is reinforced by the principles set forth in the international conventions concerning the protection of the life and property of civilian population during hostilities as well as by considerations of equity and humanity which the United Nations cannot ignore. ”
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	31	I would also like to place on record our appreciation to the other sponsors for the kind support they have extended to my delegation in submitting the draft resolution . In keeping with the wish of the sponsors , this year 's text has been amended only to the extent of reflecting the activities of the Centre carried out during the reporting period . The Secretary-General 's report provided the necessary guidelines in that regard .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	90	By its resolution 57/27 of 19 November 2002 , the General Assembly reaffirmed the mandate of the Ad Hoc Committee established by General Assembly resolution 51/210 of 17 December 1996 . The Ad Hoc Committee held its seventh session from 31 March to 2 April 2003 to continue the elaboration of a draft comprehensive convention on international terrorism , with appropriate time allocated to the continued consideration of outstanding issues relating to the elaboration of a draft international convention for the suppression of acts of nuclear terrorism , and to keep on its agenda the question of convening a high-level conference under the auspices of the United Nations to formulate a joint organized response of the international community to terrorism in all its forms and manifestations.21 The work of the Ad Hoc Committee is expected to continue during the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly , within the framework of a working group of the Sixth Committee .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	26	The SBI expressed its appreciation to the LEG for its good work and welcomed the work programme it had developed . The LEG was requested to keep the SBI informed of its efforts to implement the work programme over the biennium 2006-2007 , in accordance with its mandate , by including in its subsequent reports information on expected outcomes . Summary of the tenth meeting of the Least Developed Countries Expert Group
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	32	In addition to substantial annual cost savings accrued from joint purchasing , the non-independent Territories have attained substantial benefits from pooled management of pharmaceuticals and related medical supplies . This is in keeping with the overall thrust of the Pharmaceutical Procurement Service of the secretariat , whose mission is to maximize the value of health-care services for the people of all OECS countries . ( c ) Education : tertiary education programme
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	70	Kazakhstan fully supports efforts to reinforce the Organization 's capacity to conduct peacekeeping operations in precarious security environments , including by the provision by Member States of direct and over-the-horizon rapid response capability . We need to develop close cooperation among the Security Council , Member States and regional arrangements in the search for ways and means to ensure an effective response to emerging complex conflict situations when measures to keep peace and promote development often have to be taken simultaneously . Issues of the security and safety of peacekeepers are growing in importance .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	47	São Tomé and Príncipe supports the idea of establishing a Commission for Peace whose function would be to help in conflict prevention . Likewise , we support the idea of cooperation between the United Nations and regional organizations to prevent , manage and resolve conflicts and to keep the peace . In the case of Africa this reinforced cooperation with the specialized bodies of the African Union will specifically allow for the training of resources in this area .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	23	The need for maintaining such a reserve would call for additional resources . In light of the above , the Secretariat intends to keep under review the issue of decentralized budgeting arrangements for central services and will introduce further use of the modality only to the extent that it is consistent with best practices and optimal use of limited resources . Improved efficiency in the provision of central services will continue to be pursued through wider use of performance targets when formulating indicators of achievement .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	45	Reiterates its firm support for the mission of good offices of the Secretary-General in order to assist the parties in complying with the request made by the General Assembly in its resolutions on the question of the Falkland Islands ( Malvinas ) ; Decides to keep under review the question of the Falkland Islands ( Malvinas ) subject to the directives that the General Assembly has issued and may issue in that regard . Report by the Secretary-General concerning the credentials of the alternate representatives of Mexico on the Security Council
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	53	Cuba will enforce the laws it has in its sovereignty enacted , and expresses its readiness to cooperate with all countries in full respect for the Charter and for international law . In this spirit , on 29 November 2001 Cuba proposed to the United States Government , without any condition and in keeping with Security Council resolution 1373 ( 2001 ) of 28 September 2001 , a proposal reiterated in December of that year and in March 2002 , three draft bilateral agreements , namely : ( a ) A draft programme of bilateral cooperation to combat terrorism , with measures to prevent and suppress the planning , organization , execution , support for or collaboration in and financing of any terrorist act against the other party ; and proposals concerning exchange of information and investigative and judicial cooperation ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	74	Mexico considers that the principles in question complement one another and that they incorporate a balance between military needs and humanitarian imperatives . Following this logic , Mexico considers that it is necessary to proceed from the principle of humaneness , which lays down that , since it is impossible to avoid human suffering , the parties to an armed conflict must and shall do everything in their power to prevent it , in keeping with the imperatives of humaneness . Accordingly , in international forums Mexico has repeatedly advocated efforts to seek a total ban on weapons which can cause excessive or unnecessary human suffering .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	28	Main commodity exporters include Indonesia , Papua New Guinea and Viet Nam . China and India have significant deposits of oil and other minerals but have preferred to keep those industries under national control . Thus , inward FDI in these industries has generally been of little importance for most Asian countries , either because of policy choices ( West Asia ) or of a lack of natural resources .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	8	- By developing end-use certification ; - By keeping records of international transactions concerning small arms and light weapons ; - By maintaining effective control of transit activities .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	46	We note in particular the accomplishments of the IBERMEDIA programme during the current year and reiterate our commitment to pursue the programme , in particular by creating an appropriate legal framework that will allow for the realization of the programme 's full growth potential . In keeping with the Lima Declaration , we welcome the inclusion of the Unión Iberoamericana de Municipalistas programme for training senior Ibero-American managers and officials in local government and management and the Iberoamérica Emprende programme on the list of Ibero-American Summit projects and note the application of this new approach to Ibero-American cooperation . We acknowledge the work done by the Fund for the Development of the Indigenous Peoples of Latin America and the Caribbean ( Indigenous Peoples ' Fund ) in accordance with the mandates given at Lima , Peru , and Bávaro , Dominican Republic , and we welcome the presentation of the Executive Report on progress with its restructuring plan .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	68	See general recommendation No. 29 ( 2002 ) on article 1 , paragraph 1 , ( Descent ) ; general recommendation No. 27 ( 2000 ) on discrimination against Roma ; general recommendation No. 23 ( 1997 ) on the rights of indigenous peoples and general recommendation ; and No. 30 ( 2004 ) on discrimination against non-citizens . Annexes are not part of the report but are kept by the Secretariat and available for consultation . See general recommendation No. 28 ( 2002 ) on the follow-up to the World Conference against Racism , Racial Discrimination , Xenophobia and Related Intolerance .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	63	However , the process of destruction was completed 10 months earlier , on 3 October 2000 , over two years in advance of the time limit established by article 4 of the Convention . The destruction of the anti-personnel mines was done by the Spanish company Fabricaciones Extremeñas ( FAEX ) , which guaranteed maximum security and no environmental impact whatsoever , in keeping with the ISO 14000 standard and Council Directive 94/67/EC on the incineration of hazardous waste . In all , 849 , 365 mines were destroyed in a record period of 28 months , at the rate of 1 , 200 a day .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	43	In that context she explained that the Task Force had conducted further investigations in an effort to estimate the quantities of CFCs and halons that were ready for destruction . Analysis based on submissions from 28 Article 5 Parties indicated that , in keeping with the Panel 's May 2008 report , $ 27 million would cover all possible destruction costs in the next triennium . Ms. Zhang then turned to costs associated with non-HCFC non-investment funding , which the May 2008 replenishment report had forecast to be $ 202.7 million .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	19	Recommendations to the international community The international community should support the efforts by developing countries , particularly LDCs in keeping with the Brussels Programme of Action , to enhance supply capacities and participate effectively in international supply chains by : Considering home-country measures to promote foreign investment in the agricultural and food processing sectors of developing countries ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	54	The first one is keeping promises. The second one is multiplying hope . Indeed , our hope for a world without AIDS will be real , but only if the Assembly 's political will is made equally real and firm , and if the Assembly 's commitment is total and if its promises are kept . We all have much work to do and we have promises to keep .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	128	Among the supplementary recommendations of that review sent by the Under-Secretary for Internal Oversight Services is to undertake a medium-term review of the OHCHR experience in mainstreaming human rights with a view , inter alia , to optimizing the effect of OHCHR regional involvement and the role of its field presences in regard to UNDAF and UNCTs . In March 2004 OHCHR decided to initiate an internal review process of its regional presences and approaches in order to document the Office 's experience in establishing regional presences and developing regional approaches ; to analyse the experience gained and draw lessons learned ; and to recommend Office-wide policy on OHCHR regional presences and regional approach , with a view to developing coherent policy guidance in this area and in keeping with section 2 , which puts the emphasis on the national level . The review process benefited from active participation by all regional representatives and inputs from OHCHR senior colleagues in Geneva , as well as some feedback from partners in the field .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	38	In spite of all this we all know that HIV is here to stay as long as there is no cure and as long as we have no effective means of vaccination . The struggle now is to keep the epidemic in check and reduce it as much as possible . HIV infection is a chronic disease that requires life-long treatment .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	21	We are happy that the Council recognizes the seriousness of the question of the commitment gap . The Brahimi Panel recommends keeping Council resolutions in draft form until a firm commitment of troops is available . In line with that recommendation , it has been agreed to give a planning mandate to the Secretary-General prior to authorizing any peacekeeping operation .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	132	In the context of training on treatment towards victims of rape , officers of the Security Services participated in seminars abroad : in Britain ( from 9 to 10-/5/ 2000 , from 23 to 26/6/2003 , and from 27 to 30/7/2004 ) in Germany ( from 18 to 26/10/2004 ) and in Sweden ( from 13 to 18/3/2004 ) . In the context of training the police staff on treatment towards women victims of domestic violence , the Ministry organised and implemented : - From February to May 2001 , a pilot programme in the context of which social workers and psychologists were hired at regional police stations , to : ( a ) seek-locate individuals in need of help , ( b ) investigate charges for abuse , ( c ) keep records of individual cases , ( d ) contribute to and scientifically support the project as experts , ( e ) compile a report and ( f ) direct people to competent agencies . - Till January 2002 , the Programme was applied to Police Stations in the capital city ( districts of Omonoia , Acharnon , Kolonos , Exarheia ) , and in other districts ( Democracy Sq. , Dendropotamou , Stavroupolis/Thessaloniki , Larissa , Β΄ Patra , Veroia , Α΄ Heracleion ) as well as to Police Stations of the Sub-Constabulary for Juvenile Delinquency of Attica and of the Security Department of Herakleion and Patra .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Operation in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its sixty-second session the item entitled “ Financing of the African Union-United Nations Hybrid Operation in Darfur ” . 79th plenary meeting 22 December 2007
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	36	All we know is that the Security Council has declared emphatically , categorically and unequivocally that Israel has left every single millimetre — not inch , but millimetre — of Lebanon . How long can we keep hearing these alibis and excuses for the violence ? Violence is there because Lebanon has allowed violence to take it over .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-eighth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Mission of Support in East Timor ” . 79th plenary meeting 23 December 2003
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	29	The developing countries are not blaming rich and industrialized countries for everything that is wrong or unfulfilled . What they are asking of them is a new commitment to keep their word . Developing countries , for their part , must fulfil their commitments to mobilize domestic resources , reform institutions to respond to national priorities and adopt effective , nationally owned economic and social policies to spur economic growth .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	46	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of programmes of assistance for the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations decisions related to decolonization , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly ,
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	45	Reiterates its firm support for the mission of good offices of the Secretary-General in order to assist the parties in complying with the request made by the General Assembly in its resolutions on the question of the Falkland Islands ( Malvinas ) ; Decides to keep under review the question of the Falkland Islands ( Malvinas ) subject to the directives that the General Assembly has issued and may issue in that regard . Chapter XII
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	20	You 'll have to try it alone '' . The sentry 's saddled horse stood picketed nearby , having been kept handy in case of need . Mike took the bayonet from Dean 's hand and slashed the picket line .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	19	`` That curb parking is undependable and annoying , particularly when it rains '' , he said . I kept trying to get him to take my money . `` Okay '' , I told him .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	64	I repeat that my intention is to follow a rolling list of speakers : delegations scheduled to speak on Wednesday , Thursday and Friday should be ready to make their presentations as of tomorrow , Tuesday . If they have a valid reason for not being able to speak , they should let us know so that we can make the necessary adjustments in keeping with the needs of each delegation . With cooperation from delegations and flexibility in interpreting the Chairman 's recommendations on making better use of our time , I believe that we will be able to use available resources in a more efficient way .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	50	With rising poverty levels , education and health care are becoming an unaffordable luxury for some families , rather than a basic right for all . Rainbow Project is a strategic plan and a large-scale model of care meaning to help a large number of orphans and vulnerable children by keeping them within the extended family . Aims :
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	42	In addition , two cases of collusion among fuel attendants had been detected through the mission electronic fuel accounting system and from a hint provided by a former United Nations staff member . Further , a lack of supervision and poor record keeping had resulted in the misappropriation of fuel aggregating $ 35 , 136 . ( f ) At UNDOF , the reported accomplishments of the heavy equipment contractor had not been verified against the quantum of work executed on the ground .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	95	By its resolution 1657 ( 2006 ) of 6 February 2006 , the Council authorized the Secretary-General to redeploy immediately a maximum of one infantry company from UNMIL to the United Nations Operation in Côte d'Ivoire ( UNOCI ) , until 31 March 2006 , in order to provide extra security coverage for United Nations personnel and property , and to perform other tasks mandated to UNOCI . By its resolution 1667 ( 2006 ) of 31 March 2006 , the Council extended the mandate of the Mission to 30 September 2006 and decided to keep the troop strength ceiling of UNMIL at 15 , 250 . The Council also reaffirmed its intention to authorize the Secretary-General to redeploy troops between UNMIL and UNOCI on a temporary basis , as may be needed , and requested the Secretary-General to present further recommendations for a drawdown plan in his next progress report on the Mission .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	57	Recalls the endorsement of the report of the Forum Ministerial Committee on New Caledonia by leaders of the Pacific Islands Forum at its 36th Summit , in Papua New Guinea in October 2005 , and the continuing role of the Forum Ministerial Committee in monitoring developments in the Territory and encouraging closer regional engagements ; Decides to keep under continuous review the process unfolding in New Caledonia as a result of the signing of the Nouméa Accord ; Requests the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples to continue the examination of the question of the Non-Self-Governing Territory of New Caledonia and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its sixty-fourth session .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	24	Cancelled meetings also have financial implications regarding précis-writers ( Languages Service ) recruited specifically for those meetings . The Conference Services Division did not keep track of unmet requests for meetings . This therefore did not allow it to analyse the reasons why such requests could not be met so that it could adapt services to meet actual demand .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	40	The Security Council has maintained constant and even-handed pressure on all the parties to the Lusaka Agreement to fulfil their responsibilities under the peace process in the Democratic Republic of the Congo . This approach has had some success in keeping up the momentum for peace . Progress on the core issues — foreign troop withdrawal , internal dialogue and disarmament , demobilization , repatriation , resettlement and reintegration — has been slow , however , and there have been reports of ceasefire violations and human rights violations in the east of the country .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	81	Because of its importance , and because the lack of price competition is well recognized , the industry is under considerable public pressure not to raise its price any more than could be justified by cost increases . The threat of effective anti-trust action , provoked by `` gouging the public '' through price increases not justified by cost increases , and fears of endangering relations with customers , Congress , the general public and the press , all operate to keep price increases in some relation to cost increases . For the industry of this model , the effect of such public pressures in the past has been to hold the price well below the short-run profit maximizing price ( given the wage rate and the level of GNP ) , and even below the entry limited price ( but not below average cost ) .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	62	( i ) Article 205 stipulates that those who study in high schools or comprehensive vocational schools have the right to one free day per week to prepare for classes when the working week has six days . When the working week has five days , the number of days off is changed in accordance with the length of the shift , keeping the same number of free hours . They receive these days off during the 10 months before they start to work on their diploma paper .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	29	As a designated neutral party , an Ombudsman is required to maintain strict confidentiality concerning matters that are brought to his or her attention . The Office does not keep records for the United Nations or any other party and does not disclose information about individual cases or visits from staff members . The Office can not be compelled by any United Nations organ or official to testify about concerns that are brought to its attention ; nor does it conduct formal investigations or accept legal notice on behalf of the United Nations .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	51	First and foremost , the Council can , in clear terms , convey to both the Israeli and Palestinian leadership our collective dismay about the fact that they are failing to live up to their commitments . The belief in the possibility of a negotiated solution to the conflict must be kept alive . The Council must not fail to exert the right amount of pressure on both sides .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	32	With the assistance of various international organizations , in August 2003 the Armenian Government adopted a strategic poverty reduction programme . That programme includes measures aimed at achieving the MDGs and in keeping with the development strategy of our country . It takes our specific national characteristics into account and enjoys broad support from both civil society and international organizations .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	48	The Controller has emphasized the need for adequate control to be exercised over the contingency sums , especially because the budget is under extreme pressure . Expected controls would include professional advice being taken as required ( probably from the consultant programme managers ) and accurate records being kept of how the contingency sums were spent and justification for that expenditure . If accepted , the new proposed procedure for conducting ex post facto reviews ( see para. 26 ( b ) above ) would apply for the larger contractual amendments and change orders ( over $ 200 , 000 ) covered by contingency sums .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	33	Unless these structural defects and the societal cleavages they create are addressed , durable peace , security and stability are bound to be elusive and situations of displacement never truly resolved . In keeping with the view of sovereignty as responsibility , it is the responsibility of States to seek and find their own appropriate solutions to these problems . However , the Representative believes that it is also the responsibility of the international community to ensure that it does not shy away from supporting durable political solutions to internal conflict .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	27	Capacity for the design and implementation of aid management strategies is critical if governments are to exercise genuine leadership in partnership with donors . In general , keeping with the consensus on country needs , and in order to facilitate national ownership and leadership of the process , supply-induced demand incentives should be limited by donors and countries should receive adequate support on a genuinely demand-driven basis . Strict donor adherence to using national systems and procedures for managing aid flows was considered to be an important element in enhancing national capacities in partner countries .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	10	• The annual publication of national reports ; • The keeping of national and world registers on arms transfers . The establishment of a control mechanism
keep%2:31:00::	keep.v	38	They enlisted the help of the New Jersey congressman , who has been able to trace the letters to the national archives , where they are available on microfilm . A top official of the New Frontier who kept a record of his first weeks on the job here gives this report of his experiences : In his first six weeks in office he presided over 96 conferences , attended 35 official breakfasts and dinners , studied and signed 285 official papers and personally took 312 telephone calls .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	31	It is for those who select the target to apply humanitarian law and the rules of engagement . They must be able to determine whether the choice of target is in keeping with the principle of discrimination , and whether the use of a given weapon is in conformity with the principle of proportionality and the principle of humanity . Accuracy
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	68	On the other hand — and this is no doubt the crux of the matter — the Special Rapporteur willingly agrees that he lacked rigour in his choice of wording , which does not include in the definition of objections the unilateral statements purporting to produce effects not provided for in the Vienna Conventions . This amounts to prejudging their ( in ) validity , although , in keeping with his consistent position ( a position which some members of the Commission have often been reluctant to support ) , the definitions ( of reservations or objections ) should not anticipate problems of “ validity ” ( or “ permissibility ” ) . Following the extremely interesting discussion in 2003 , the Special Rapporteur proposed an alternative wording for draft guideline 2.6.1 , which read :
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	45	Additionally , the Special Committee took into consideration the relevant documents of other intergovernmental bodies concerned , to which reference is made in the last preambular paragraph of resolution A/AC.109/2001/29 , adopted on 3 July 2001 . In 1994 , the Special Committee , in keeping with its consistent goal of limiting documentation and streamlining its report to the General Assembly , recommended to the Assembly that , in preparing the general working papers on the Territories , the Secretariat should , where applicable , incorporate under separate headings those sections relating to economic and other activities which affect the interests of the people of the Non-Self-Governing Territories and those on military activities and arrangements in those Territories . By adopting resolution 49/89 of 16 December 1994 , the Assembly approved , inter alia , that recommendation .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	109	As to the allegation of the Government challenging the competence of the Working Group , the Group wishes to refer to resolution 1997/50 of the Commission on Human Rights , which considers that deprivation of liberty is not arbitrary if it results from a final decision of a domestic judicial instance and which is ( a ) in accordance with domestic law , and ( b ) in accordance with other relevant international standards set forth in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the relevant international instruments accepted by the State concerned . It follows that if the detention results from a judicial decision which is not in keeping with international standards , the detention may be considered as arbitrary . Since in the present case what the source contends is that the judgement on the basis of which the two individuals are detained was taken in breach of the international standards embodied in the relevant international instruments , the task of the Group is to ascertain whether this allegation withstands a thorough scrutiny .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	38	( i ) Identification of the official who processed the transaction . Article 22 establishes the obligation of the financial entity to record the transaction accurately and fully on the date on which it takes place and to keep the record of the transaction for five years from that date . Under article 23 , multiple cash transactions , whether in national or foreign currency , the aggregate amount of which exceeds US $ 10 , 000 or the equivalent in colones are deemed to be a single transaction if they are carried out by or on behalf of a specific person in the course of one day or within any other period of time established by the competent supervisory and regulatory body .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	64	Mr. President , I would like to congratulate your country , Guinea , on its assumption of the presidency of the Security Council for the month of March , at this crucial moment in which great stakes are the focus of the entire international community , putting the Security Council to the test . Finally , I wish to express our appreciation for having kept all the African questions on the Council agenda , despite a strong temptation to marginalize them in favour of more burning current events . Thank you for having kept the world 's conscience focused on the critical problems of the African continent .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	114	Article 3 , paragraph 1 , might therefore be reformulated in the following way in order to place greater emphasis on the individual : “ The State of nationality is the State entitled to exercise diplomatic protection. ” The position of the individual was also at stake in draft article 5 , on continuous nationality . Her Government supported the idea underlying that article , which was to protect the individual against any unfairness that might otherwise occur , and therefore believed that in paragraph 3 , “ Diplomatic protection shall not be exercised ” should be replaced by “ Diplomatic protection may not be exercised ” , since that wording was more in keeping with the discretionary authority of the State with respect to the exercise of diplomatic protection , and with the terminology used in draft articles 7 and 14 . Her Government welcomed the inclusion of draft article 8 on diplomatic protection for stateless persons and refugees .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	17	Gun stiffened , his hands balling into fists at his sides . He clamped his jaws to keep the fury from spilling out . An argument with Orville Torrence Killpath was as frustrating and as futile as a cap pistol on a firing range .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	56	In this connection , however , the Advisory Committee notes that in some cases pre-deployment visits were not necessary , as the troop contributor concerned was not a new participant , so previous visits had been made and the troop contributor was thoroughly familiar with requirements in the field . The Committee requests the Board to keep these issues under review . The Advisory Committee was provided with mission-specific information on amounts owed to Member States as at 29 February 2004 for troop and contingent-owned equipment costs ( see annex II ) .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	14	Current patterns of mining activity In Liberia , seasonal high water tables continue to keep mining activity at very low levels in the Upper and Lower Lofa regions of Lofa County . However , the Panel learned from sources that some mining was being conducted in more upland areas in Nimba County , particularly in the region of Gbapa .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	39	During the reporting period , the tourist industry of Montserrat continued to be affected by the unfavourable conditions created by the eruption of the Montsoufriere volcano and subsequent destruction of infrastructure and accommodations . The Government continued efforts to keep the industry alive and developed plans for its reconstruction and expansion . The Government of Montserrat views tourism as the sector that will provide long-term economic regeneration for Montserrat , and therefore it has allocated $ 7 million over a three-year period to fund tourism-related projects .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	18	He remembered the last time he had eaten - actual eggs from an actual pan . The dromozoa kept him alive , but he did not know how they did it . He staggered back to the group .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	85	Concern was raised regarding the phrase “ in the opinion of the carrier ” in draft paragraph 51 ( 2 ) ( b ) , particularly if the paragraph was intended to include the destruction of goods as suggested . It was thought that this phrase should be deleted since it made the test too subjective by relying on the opinion of the carrier , but that the remainder of the phrase “ as the circumstances reasonably may require ” was appropriate and should be kept . While some concern was expressed that deletion of the phrase “ in the opinion of the carrier ” could be too restrictive to the carrier in situations where it was necessary to make quick decisions , it was thought that the remaining reasonableness test was sufficiently flexible to be properly applied in such circumstances .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	44	Croatia specified that , though reporting institutions were to maintain such records for a period of five years , the Croatian Financial Intelligence Unit was to keep them for a period of 10 years . Colombia and Uruguay reported that records had to be kept for 10 years . Germany and Malaysia reported that records had to be kept for a minimum of six years .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	72	( a ) Conduct regular training courses for law enforcement personnel , including members of the police force and prison staff , so as to ensure that all have a thorough knowledge of the provisions of the Convention and are well aware that breaches will not be tolerated , will be investigated and that the persons responsible are liable for prosecution . ( b ) Draft a handbook describing interrogation techniques in keeping with the Standard Minimum Rules for the Treatment of Prisoners and prohibiting those that run counter to them ; ( c ) Raise awareness among law enforcement personnel of the application of legislation prohibiting sexual violence , particularly against women ; and
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	78	The centrality and priority of the political process has not only been underscored in the various platforms and forums including the Addis Ababa High Level Consultations , the AU Peace and Security Council decisions and Security Council resolution 1769 itself , but recent developments have also made such task a compelling and urgent necessity . The Government of National Unity , while expressing its commitment and support to the AU-UN Joint Mediation in order to having peace to keep , looks forward for the rejuvenation of the mediation , including the long-awaited appointment of a Chief Negotiator . The Sudan Government has long made the peaceful resolution of the Darfur problem a major an overriding responsibility .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	42	Proposal submitted by the Rio Group Reform processes of international organizations generally involve or entail a review of their legal aspects in the interests of preserving the essence and structure of the constitutional or founding instrument , and of achieving results in keeping with international law . In line with that premise , and also considering the Organization 's relevance in an evolving world , United Nations reforms , other than in exceptional cases , can not be exempt from appropriate legal review that sheds light on their conformity with the Charter of the United Nations and the international rule of law .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	86	Extensive observations by physicians during vaginal examinations have established the fact that a single finger inserted along the anterior wall ( the top line of the vagina as the woman lies on her back ) may cause a great deal of distress in a virgin . But during the same examination , two fingers may be inserted along the posterior wall ( the bottom of the vagina in the same position ) without any pain ; and in fact without any difficulty if the pressure is kept downward at all times . These regional differences of sensitivity to pain may be of crucial significance during the earliest intercourse .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	17	Refurbishment facilities should maintain records of all mobile phones received and their disposition . Records should be kept for a period that is consistent with relevant national or local regulations and practice . Refurbishment facilities should have systems in place for defining specific ESM objectives , develop plans to meet the objectives , implement such plans and monitor progress towards achievement of those objectives .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	40	Security for all residents of Kosovo must be assured . We in the international community will do our part , as shown by NATO 's rapid reinforcement of the Kosovo Force ( KFOR ) , and by the commitment to keep sufficient international civilian police on duty . But Kosovars themselves must be more involved in , and must be held accountable for , their own security .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	63	During the period under review , the United Nations forged a number of innovative partnerships with regional organizations . For example , as mentioned earlier , the European Union and the United Nations recently combined their efforts in the Democratic Republic of the Congo , where a European Union force was deployed in June 2003 under the authority of the Security Council to keep the peace in the Ituri region . Similarly , in Afghanistan , the North Atlantic Treaty Organization agreed to assume , in August 2003 , the leadership of the International Security Assistance Force operating under a Security Council mandate .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	71	Gender inequality , particularly in terms of women 's adequate housing , is an underlying factor of women 's vulnerability to HIV/AIDS . For instance , discriminatory customary traditions and practices such as “ wife inheritance ” and “ cleansing ” practices ( i.e. where unprotected sex is seen to “ cleanse ” the wife of the dead husband 's spirits ) which are sometimes a prerequisite for a widow to keep her home or stay on her land , may contribute to the transmission of HIV/AIDS . The Global Coalition on Women and AIDS ( GCWA ) , launched by the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS ( UNAIDS ) , is a worldwide alliance of civil society groups , networks of women with HIV and AIDS , Governments and United Nations organizations , with a view to , at global , regional and national levels , highlighting the impact of AIDS on women and girls and mobilize actions .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	62	The Meeting emphasized the urgent need for a United Nations Peacekeeping force to be deployed in Somalia to contribute to peace and stability in the country and requested the Security Council to authorize such a United Nations Peacekeeping Force . The Meeting also urged OIC Member States to provide troops and other assistance to the possible deployment of the United Nations Peace Keeping forces in Somalia in order to support peace and stability in the country . The Meeting expressed its gratitude to all those donors who have supported the peace process in Somalia and encouraged donor countries , regional and sub-regional organizations to contribute to the reconstruction and rehabilitation of Somalia , in particular through the mechanism of the Rapid Assistance Programme towards disarmament and demobilization in the country .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	8	Decision of the Commission The Commission decided to keep the matter under review , and requested the CEB/HR Network to continue to periodically keep it apprised of developments . Appreciation of local currencies and its effects on United Nations staff remuneration in group II duty stations
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	42	The Special Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly that the Committee continue to be represented at seminars , meetings and conferences organized by United Nations bodies and other intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations active in the field of decolonization . In keeping with its decision of 21 February 2001 , the Committee would authorize its Chairman to hold consultations , as appropriate , concerning its participation in those meetings , as well as the level of representation , when accepting invitations . In accordance with established practice and on the basis of the principle of rotation , the Chairman would hold consultations with the Bureau members , who , in turn , would consult with the members of the Committee from their respective regional groups .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	73	On 1 August 2004 the WTO General Council adopted a decision on frameworks for further negotiations , the “ Framework Agreement ” , expected to enable WTO members to put negotiations back on track . While the decision sets out a framework , structure and direction for a future package in four core areas of agriculture , non-agricultural market access ( NAMA ) , services and development issues , only trade facilitation was kept on the Doha agenda from the “ Singapore issues ” . The other issues ( trade and investment , trade and competition and transparency in government procurement ) would not form part of the single undertaking , as “ no new work towards negotiations ” would be undertaken during the Doha Work Programme negotiations .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	47	The successful deployment of the Lebanese army is one of the keys to stabilization of the situation at the Israeli-Lebanese border , one of the most sensitive theatres of operation of the Middle East . Thus , we can not but encourage the effective deployment , in keeping with the commitments undertaken by all parties . What is more , the fragility of the situation and the risk of things getting out of control , with incalculable consequences , necessitate the rapid deployment of a strengthened UNIFIL .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	14	But whose requirements ? Until 1924 O ' Banion pistoleers and knuckle-duster bullyboys had kept his North Side domain solidly Democratic . There was a question and answer gag that went around at that time : Q. `` Who 'll carry the Forty-second and Forty-third wards '' ?
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	50	Council members welcomed the proposal for a round table , to be organized as soon as the political situation allowed , and called on donor countries to contribute generously when it is held . Council members expressed continued support to the team of UNOGBIS for their tireless efforts to help keep the peace-building process in Guinea-Bissau on course , despite multiple challenges . United Nations Mission in Sierra Leone ( 9 January )
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	53	Having considered the reports of the Commission on the work of its resumed fortieth and its forty-first sessions , Reiterating its concern that activities undertaken by other bodies in the field of international trade law without adequate coordination with the Commission might lead to undesirable duplication of efforts and would not be in keeping with the aim of promoting efficiency , consistency and coherence in the unification and harmonization of international trade law , Reaffirming the mandate of the Commission , as the core legal body within the United Nations system in the field of international trade law , to coordinate legal activities in this field , in particular to avoid duplication of efforts , including among organizations formulating rules of international trade , and to promote efficiency , consistency and coherence in the modernization and harmonization of international trade law , and to continue , through its secretariat , to maintain close cooperation with other international organs and organizations , including regional organizations , active in the field of international trade law ,
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	66	The Committee reaffirms that the United Nations should play an active and facilitating role in these efforts and maintain its permanent responsibility with respect to all aspects of the question of Palestine , until it is resolved in all its aspects in conformity with relevant United Nations resolutions and norms of international law . As requested by the General Assembly , the Committee will continue to keep the situation under review and to promote a constructive analysis and discussion of these issues by the international community . Priority issues in the programme of work of the Committee for 2008
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	30	It is equally desirable for the international community as a whole to mobilize in support of the Palestinian Authority , as the draft resolution invites it to . France will keep its commitments on this point . It will closely monitor the follow-up to the donors conference for the Palestinian State held in Paris last December in order to enable the Palestinian Authority to strengthen its institutional capacities .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	51	For that reason , we welcome the fact that this special session is to set a time-frame for the initiatives and follow-up actions aimed at effectively implementing the Beijing Platform . The Vietnamese delegation would like to propose that the Fifth World Conference on Women be convened in 2005 , in keeping with the established tradition , to review the 20 years of implementation of the Nairobi Strategies and the 10 years of implementation of the Beijing Platform , and to map out a global strategy on gender equality and the advancement of women for the following years of the twenty-first century . Once again , the Vietnamese Government pledges to do its utmost , in the context of the specific conditions of Viet Nam , to successfully implement the Beijing Platform .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	64	The General Secretary reminded the delegates that , in accordance with Rule 3 of the Rules of Procedure , the Bureau of the Conference would be made up of a President , 3 Vice Presidents and a Rapporteur . In regard to item 4 of the Agenda , election of the members of the Bureau , the Secretariat of the Conference proposed , in keeping with standard practice in international conferences , that the Presidency should be occupied by a Representative of the host State . In this regard , the General Secretary submitted for the consideration of the Conference the election of Ms. Patricia Olamendi , Under Secretary for Multilateral Affairs and Human Rights of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Mexico , to preside over the work of the Conference .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	42	The report of the Secretary-General is complex owing to the scope of proposals submitted and their significance . In addition , in accordance with current procedures for the consideration of proposed programme budgets , the Advisory Committee received voluminous supplementary information. In keeping with past practice and rule 157 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly , the Committee decided that the report of the Secretary-General required an in-depth , line-by-line examination in the same manner in which the Committee traditionally treats the proposed programme budget itself . In the opinion of the Advisory Committee , the intense pressure under which the Secretariat prepared the report resulted in a document that is not totally coherent .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	45	His delegation reiterated its intention to work constructively towards a comprehensive agreement . With reference to the statements made recently before the Committee by the Chief Minister of Gibraltar and the Leader of the Opposition , he pointed out that Spain 's position — in keeping with the principles of the relevant General Assembly resolutions and especially that of territorial integrity — had not changed in any way . With respect to the referendum held in Gibraltar on 7 November 2002 , the Vice-President of Spain , its Minister for Foreign Affairs and its Permanent Representative to the United Nations , among other officials , reiterated that it had no legal validity , while stressing the importance of continuing the bilateral Anglo-Spanish negotiations on the future of Gibraltar .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	54	We would have merely taken note of it if the serious concerns flagged by Africa and the international community had elicited an appropriate response from the Sudanese Government , which was a signatory to the Abuja Peace Agreement . However , the behaviour of the armed factions on the ground has not been in keeping with the spirit or the letter of that Agreement . The situation has gotten so bad that the activities of humanitarian agencies and organizations have been hampered and even obstructed , in a manner that appears deliberate .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	75	It would change only if the authorities engaged in a genuine political dialogue instead of repressive solutions to what was essentially a political problem , which adversely affected not only the inhabitants of that country but also those of neighbouring countries . Mr. Kyaw Win ( Myanmar ) said that Myanmar had dissociated itself from the resolution of the Commission on Human Rights to appoint a special rapporteur , because the resolution was not in keeping with the relatively balanced report of 1990 of the Commission 's independent expert , Sadako Ogata , whose methodical and knowledgeable approach had been appreciated and respected . A special rapporteur should have a particular knowledge of the country in question .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	46	The 1997 Nobel Peace Prize was awarded to the International Campaign to Ban Landmines and to Ms. Jody Williams to remind us that it is quintessential persistence that brings results . Hence , we must not give in to complacency now ; rather , we must keep striving to protect future generations from the misery that mines bring . Slovenia signed the Ottawa Convention in 1997 and ratified it in 1998 , and we are determined to destroy our mine stocks by 2003 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	110	With the holding in 2001 of the international conference on financing for development and the third United Nations Conference on the Least Developed Countries , we hold out the resolute hope that there will be greater mobilization of financial resources , better coordination of policies and more effective cooperation among development actors , in particular among Governments , the United Nations system , international financial institutions , the private sector and civil society , so as to achieve the major objectives of poverty eradication and development . The praiseworthy efforts of the United Nations to promote and consolidate new and restored democracies deserves strong support , as that is in keeping with the will of our Organization to meet the aspirations of the peoples of the world . We in Niger fully appreciate all the valuable assistance given by the United Nations system and friendly countries for the restoration of democracy .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	38	Morocco fully endorsed UNIDO 's initiative in favour of the reconstruction and rehabilitation of industry in countries emerging from crisis situations . Assistance to such countries must focus on activities of relevance to UNIDO 's mandate , in keeping with the 1997 Business Plan on the Role and Functions of UNIDO and poverty reduction strategies . Given the current world economic situation and the resurgence of political and social unrest and armed conflicts in many regions of the world , notably in Africa , UNIDO should play a bigger part in efforts to rebuild countries emerging from crisis situations .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	29	The world community 's attention to African problems must not abate . In the United Nations and other international structures , Russia will in future pursue a policy in keeping with the interests of the States of the continent and continue to participate in agreed measures for comprehensive assistance to Africa , including through the Group of Eight and other multilateral forums . We will continue to actively support efforts to settle crises and to enhance Africa 's peacekeeping potential .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Although there had been no agreement on the timing or the scale of the interim reduction steps , several Parties had been of the opinion that they could support some interim reductions . There had also been considerable support for the proposal to keep the issue under review and reconsider it at the Seventeenth Meeting of the Parties . Presentation by the Co-Chair of the Methyl Bromide Technical Options Committee
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	62	The Defence Ministry has a variety of training centres , each of which falls directly under the commander of a military region and has its own personnel , premises , training areas and firing ranges , to train army and navy units in the performance of their missions . In order to ensure that the conduct of troops in combat is in keeping with IHL , the Mexican army recently devised a practical training course which includes incidents in which the combatants must respect the rules of war . ICRC in Mexico supported the organization of this type of exercise through participation of ICRC experts in teaching courses on theory and observing practical sessions .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	40	In respect of MONUC , the Department of Field Support stated that the Mission would include a clause on performance bond in all new service contracts when the re-bidding of major contracts commenced in 2008 . The Mission would also keep details on the performance bonds in a register to facilitate their effective monitoring . The Department indicated that it might not be prudent to attempt renegotiating existing contracts that did not have performance bonds at the present stage , and that it would follow up with MONUC to determine the status of the recovery of the advance payment .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	75	We request the President of the General Assembly , assisted by the Secretary-General , to conduct consultations with Member States in order to develop the necessary modalities for the effective operation of the Peacebuilding Commission , including its rules of procedure , financial arrangements for its functioning and the selection of the chairs , so that the body can begin operation no later than 31 December 2005 . The arrangements set out above will be kept under review with a view to ensuring that they are appropriate to carrying out the agreed functions of the Commission . Any future proposals to change the arrangements , hereby agreed upon , should be forwarded jointly by the Security Council and the Economic and Social Council to the General Assembly for its approval .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	28	But merely proclaiming goals is not enough ; we must now fulfil them . If the rich countries — and my country is among them — do not keep their promises , they will end up causing poor countries to lose hope . In Cancun , the members of the World Trade Organization ( WTO ) tried to revive trade liberalization .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	13	Preparations for the Fourth Meeting of the States Parties ( 4MSP ) In keeping with past practice , the first meeting the Standing Committee expressed its support for a Draft Provisional Agenda , a Draft Programme of Work , and Draft Rules of Procedure for the 4MSP . The Standing Committee also noted that all documents be issued in the six languages of the Convention , except for the reports under Article 7 , which are accessible on the UNDDA website , and information documents .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	40	Additionally , in pursuing these goals as President , it was my wish at all times to represent and reflect the views of the Conference 's constituency in a balanced and fair way . These were admittedly modest goals in keeping with the uncertain outlook for multilateral arms control and disarmament . Nevertheless , I had received very strong encouragement and support for these endeavours from delegations from every conceivable constituency within the Conference .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	43	In article 4 of the Treaty of Peace between Jordan and Israel , the parties undertook to create a Middle East free from weapons of mass destruction , both conventional and non-conventional . Israel 's accession to the NPT would thus be in keeping with that undertaking and would pave the way for the establishment in the region of a nuclear-weapon-free zone or even a zone free of all weapons of mass destruction . In fulfilment of their obligations under the Treaty , the nuclear-weapon States must redouble their efforts to achieve general and complete nuclear disarmament and conclude a treaty banning the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Force in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-ninth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus ” . Fifty-ninth session
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	45	Requests the Secretary-General to convene in 2004 an open-ended working group of experts , for a period of no less than ten working days , to hold a triennial review of reimbursement rates for contingent-owned equipment and self-sustainment , including medical services ; Decides to keep this matter under review at its fifty-sixth session . 103rd plenary meeting
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	59	I wish to emphasize that the Russian Federation will continue to base its relations with Latvia on the development of the situation with respect to the whole range of humanitarian questions . In this connection , I am convinced that your settlement of the case of Mr. Kononov would be appreciated in the Russian Federation and would be in keeping with the long-term interests of Russian-Latvian relations . ( Signed ) V. Putin Acting President of the Russian Federation
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	24	Interpretative declaration of the Argentine Republic With regard to paragraph 4 of the Millennium Declaration , the Argentine delegation wishes to reiterate , in keeping with General Assembly resolutions 1514 ( XV ) and 2625 ( XXV ) , its full support for the right to self-determination of peoples which remain under colonial domination and foreign occupation . At the same time , it wishes to recall that the General Assembly has in numerous resolutions recognized the existence of a sovereignty dispute between the Argentine Republic and the United Kingdom concerning the Malvinas , South Georgia and South Sandwich islands and the surrounding maritime spaces , defining it as a special colonial situation which must be resolved through negotiations between the two Governments , by reconciling respect for the territorial integrity of Argentina with the interests of the population of the islands .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	78	It thus made it possible for Iraq to export 878 , 954 , 442 barrels of crude oil , 677 , 982 , 010 of them through the Saudi Petroline . We had hoped that this project would provide a model that others might emulate for the strengthening of ties of cooperation , integration and solidarity among the Arab countries and for consolidating relations and promoting joint action. Most regrettably , however , the Iraqi Government did not keep its pledge , did not maintain neighbourly relations and did not respect fraternal ties . Indeed it continued to make threats and proceeded to commit aggression , thereby causing serious damage to the Saudi people , in terms of lives and property , as well as to natural resources and the environment .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	70	On 17 August 2004 , the Housing and Construction Ministry issued tenders for the construction of some 1 , 000 new housing units in the settlements of “ Betar Ilit ” , “ Ariel ” , “ Ma'ale Adumim ” , and “ Karnei Shomron ” . The Defence Ministry confirmed that it was part of the policy to increase the size of the large settlements which Israel planned to keep after the unilateral disengagement . An additional 301 new settler homes were to be built beyond the municipal line of the “ Har Gilo ” and “ Har Adar ” settlements. In September 2004 , 100 outposts were identified in the West Bank , 51 of them established since March 2001 .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	55	So far , the European Union has contributed a total of more than €186 million to that Mechanism. That includes payment to key workers in the public sector , such as health care workers , teachers , the poorest Palestinian Authority employees and some of the most vulnerable Palestinians . Those allowances have helped to keep basic services running , put money into the economy and provided a livelihood for the poorest Palestinian families . We welcome President Abbas 's efforts over the past few months to form a national unity Government .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	55	Similarly , peace negotiations should be resumed , in accordance with the agreed timetable , on the basis of the Mitchell recommendations and the Tenet plan , with the establishment of a supervisory mechanism . Finally , and above all , there is the conclusion of a comprehensive , just and lasting settlement , in keeping with Security Council resolutions 242 ( 1967 ) and 338 ( 1973 ) and in virtue of the principle of “ land for peace ” , which the General Assembly has just re-stated in resolution 56/36 , which was adopted by an overwhelming majority . The credibility of the United Nations is at stake , particularly the credibility of the co-sponsors of the peace process and other actors .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	34	Over 2007 , OHCHR has continued to increase its work on human rights and disabilities , focusing principally on the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities and its Optional Protocol . In keeping with the four substantive action points outlined in the High Commissioner 's Plan of Action , those activities have sought to promote : more synergy in the relationship between OHCHR and the various United Nations human rights bodies ; an enhanced leadership role for the High Commissioner ; greater country engagement ; and , closer partnerships with civil society and the United Nations agencies . More synergy in the relationship between the Office of the High Commissioner and the various United Nations human rights bodies
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	35	However , I have to say that we were disappointed — frankly , surprised — that the Committee for Programme and Coordination failed to reform itself and remains of negligible value . We need to keep working on that . Results-based budgeting — an innovation from the Secretary-General 's first round of reforms — continues to progress and is producing a greater focus on results and performance .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	32	The February 2003 federal budget increased Canada 's international assistance by 8 per cent annually through 2004-2005 , half or more of which will be earmarked for Africa . That is in keeping with our commitment made at Monterrey to double our international assistance by the end of the decade . This will amount to $ 6 billion in international assistance for Africa in new and existing resources in the five-year period following the 2002 G-8 Summit .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	54	The provisions on which the Kingdom relies in tracing the financing of terrorism , terrorist acts and terrorist organizations include those contained in article 2 of the Money-laundering Statute , whose incorporated implementing regulation states that funds connected with the financing of terrorism include both legal and illegal funds . That text is in keeping with the eight recommendations on combating terrorism issued by the Financial Action Task Force on Money Laundering ( FATF ) . Further provisions that the Kingdom has been intent on including in its domestic legislation are those contained in the statute on Fund-raising for Charitable Purposes , which prohibits the collection of contributions from any person , group of persons or entity without a licence from the Ministry of Labour and Social Affairs , a declaration of purpose and a statement of the manner in which contributions are to be used .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	34	While redeployment of SPLA is predicated on the formation of Joint Integrated Units , this is now behind the schedule set out in the Agreement . The parties need to resolve this issue and keep to their redeployment commitments . Importantly , the redeployment targets do not apply only to regular forces , but also to other armed groups aligned with the parties .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	37	Furthermore , the attainment and maintenance of the broad conclusion has allowed IAEA to fundamentally change the way safeguards are implemented in Canada , by moving towards a State-level integrated safeguards approach . To date , in keeping with an agreed order of implementation priorities , that approach has been implemented for most of the Canadian fuel cycle , providing for significant savings in terms of IAEA effort in Canada . In addition , through the Canadian Safeguards Support Programme , Canada contributes to the research and development of advanced safeguards equipment and techniques aimed at strengthening the effectiveness and efficiency of the Agency 's safeguards .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	23	Endorses the conclusions and recommendations of the Committee contained in chapter VII of its report ; 1 Requests the Committee to continue to keep under review the situation relating to the question of Palestine and to report and make suggestions to the General Assembly or the Security Council , as appropriate ; Authorizes the Committee to continue to exert all efforts to promote the exercise of the inalienable rights of the Palestinian people , to make such adjustments in its approved programme of work as it may consider appropriate and necessary in the light of developments , to give special emphasis to the need to mobilize support and assistance for the Palestinian people and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session and thereafter ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	38	Nuclear energy offers a safe , technically rational and economically viable alternative to meet the pressing energy needs of most States . However , this has not prevented some developed countries from maintaining attitudes that are not in keeping with the principles and purposes of the IAEA , trying to cut back technical assistance programmes , reducing their contributions to the fund created for such purposes or placing selective conditions on their use . Strengthening the IAEA technical cooperation programme should mean not only improving organizational systems and management methods ; it should also ensure that the financial resources destined for that programme are made available on a reliable and increasing basis .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	76	The Committee recalled that the lack of complaints of discrimination based on pregnancy with regard to obtaining or keeping a job does not mean that this type of discrimination does not exist in practice , and the various communications and the study referred to by the Government indicate that there are problems in that respect . The Committee requested the Government to renew its efforts to tackle discrimination based on pregnancy with regard to obtaining or keeping a job and to strengthen the protection afforded to pregnant workers so that dismissals due to pregnancy which are said to be on other grounds can not occur . The Committee also requested the Government to keep it informed in that respect .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	63	Requests the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session a report on the implementation of the present resolution , and also requests the Secretary-General , upon the completion of the work of the ad hoc committee referred to above , to submit recommendations on options for further consideration by the General Assembly of the present item ; Decides to keep the matter under review and to include in the agenda of its fifty-seventh session a sub-item entitled “ Preventing and combating corrupt practices and transfer of funds of illicit origin and returning such funds to the countries of origin ” under the item “ Sectoral policy questions ” . Agenda item 5
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	73	That demand was shot down by the leadership of the Regional Peace Initiative when it was first raised , before the signing of the Comprehensive Ceasefire Agreement on 7 September 2006 . The summit of the heads of State and Government of the Great Lakes region , sitting on the same day , also rejected the Palipehutu-FNL demand on the basis that the Burundi army was an institution that had been established in keeping with the law of the country , based on the Arusha negotiations . The Palipehutu-FNL nonetheless continued to argue for an arrangement that would be defined by what they called a forces technical agreement. The arrangement was designed to produce a new army .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	47	Given the danger that these standard terms could pose in terms of hiding derogations from the obligations in the draft instrument , it was thought that paragraph ( b ) provided practical and indispensable protection for small shippers faced with such standard terms . Another advantage of keeping paragraph ( b ) in proposed draft article 88a ( 1 ) was said to be that , while negotiations regarding the specific obligations of the contract were clearly within the contemplation of paragraph ( a ) of the provision , paragraph ( b ) was needed to encompass those situations where the obligations of the contract and the derogations from the draft instrument were accepted and not negotiated , but where the negotiation focused instead on the price to be paid for freight . Other drafting suggestions were raised with respect to proposed article 88a ( 1 ) .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	36	Article Specific obligations The carrier shall must during the period of its responsibility as defined in article , and subject to article , properly and carefully receive , load , handle , stow , carry , keep , care for , and discharge and deliver the goods . [ 2. The parties may agree that certain of the functions referred to in paragraph shallloading , stowing and discharging of the goods is to be performed by or on behalf of the shipper or any person referred to in article , the controlling party or the consignee .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	26	A precipitous withdrawal of RCD military forces could contribute to creating trouble in the city and could have adverse implications for the peace process . In keeping with its expectations that the local authorities will retain responsibility for civil administration and the maintenance of law and order , MONUC has no objection to the RCD remaining as the de facto civil authority in Kisangani . Accordingly , it is vital for local stability to ensure , prior to the withdrawal of RCD military forces , that the local police have adequate capacity to maintain law and order after the departure of RCD military forces .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	62	It is of primary importance to ensure that the mandates emanating from the Security Council are realistic in view of the history of the situation at hand , the present realities on the ground and the real , as opposed to fictional , resources available to the United Nations . The Panel 's suggestion that the Council resolutions specifying troop levels be kept in draft form until the Secretary-General is assured of their actual availability is certainly worthy of serious consideration . The procedural changes in the modus operandi of the Security Council may be challenging to implement , but it is the Panel 's call for the Council to exercise more judgment that is likely to prove the most challenging to satisfy .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	60	In that regard , it is important to obtain from both the Forces nouvelles and the Ivorian defence and security forces the promised lists of combatants , troops and weapons . The Operation will also work with the Facilitator to encourage the parties to agree on an effective arrangement for the control of the weapons placed under storage , in keeping with the supervisory role entrusted to UNOCI and the Licorne force under the Ouagadougou Agreement . The Operation will encourage the Government to involve donor partners in designing the reintegration and civic service programmes , to formulate a plan for completing the dismantling of the remaining militias in the western part of the country and in Abidjan , and to develop an effective programme and funding strategy for the long-term reintegration of ex-combatants .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	34	I think that that might solve the problems mentioned by our colleagues . Or perhaps we might include a separate paragraph 8 bis , stating clearly that both are part of the package , keeping the chronological order , as you said , and making sure that everyone 's concerns are on board . But it is true that , as our colleague from Iran said , it does not convey that there was a package .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	75	To regard the attempts of the PNFA-Mussavat tandem and their lackeys and protectors to disrupt the social and political stability of our country and create civil strife by provoking disturbances in the capital as an infringement of the statehood of Azerbaijan and as undermining its international authority . To consider the provocative action carried out on 29 April 2000 in the city of Baku by the radical wing of the opposition inadmissible and not in keeping with democratic political methods of struggle , and it strongly condemns such action . The Milli Mejlis of the Republic of Azerbaijan assures the Azerbaijani people that the State of Azerbaijan is capable of preventing any possible provocative actions in the future and that the parliament of Azerbaijan will make every effort to support the resolute internal and foreign policy being carried out under the leadership of the President of the Republic of Azerbaijan , the esteemed Heydar Aliyev .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	55	In paragraph 8 of section III of its resolution 52/220 , the General Assembly had indicated that the Department of General Assembly Affairs and Conference Services would not undertake the servicing of the Fifth and Sixth Committees of the Assembly and the Security Council . In the same resolution , the Secretary-General was requested to keep those arrangements under review and to submit a report in that regard to the General Assembly at its fifty-third session . The Secretary-General , in his report to the Assembly at its fifty-third session , stated that given that the current arrangements for the provision of substantive , technical and conference servicing to all intergovernmental and expert bodies appeared to meet the requirements of Member States , no change was proposed at that time , and that the Assembly would be informed of any plans for further developments in that field ( see A/53/452 , para .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	69	Ms. Shall-Homa ( Nigeria ) said that her delegation aligned itself with the statements of the United States of America , Denmark and Senegal and in particular those of Ghana about the Working Group 's previous efforts to find a way to cap the shipper 's liability . It supported the proposal to change the verb “ limits ” to “ reduces ” , since the amendment was in keeping with the intent of the provision . Otherwise it wished to retain the current wording of the draft article .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	36	The third phase of the deployment of the force must commence , and we must begin to increase MONUC 's presence in the east of the Democratic Republic of the Congo . This is entirely in keeping with the position that we have always defended in the Council . MONUC must go to the border areas , where an essential part of the problem exists and where part of the conflict 's solution is to be found .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	29	This is my third report to the Secretary-General since assuming the Office of High Representative for Bosnia and Herzegovina and EU Special Representative on 1 July 2007 . In keeping with past practice , the present report assesses progress made towards attaining the goals outlined in previous reports , reviews developments during the reporting period , and provides my assessment of mandate implementation in the most important areas . Political update
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	26	Requests the International Civil Service Commission to keep the issue of United Nations common system conditions of service in the field under review ; Decides to keep the issue of United Nations common system conditions of service in the field under review ; Approves the introduction of a rest and recuperation scheme to include travel time , appropriate to the location , but no payment of travel to the staff member , for internationally recruited staff members in United Nations field operations to replace the occasional recuperation break , effective 1 January 2009 ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	40	Each one of us here has a sacred obligation to our children to build together with our children a world fit for children and a better place to live in . We in Sri Lanka have made many endeavours to keep our promise to children by placing their needs high on the country 's political agenda . We believe that children have rights and that they are not mere appendages of adults .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	34	1.4.2.3 Such training shall be provided or verified upon employment in a position involving dangerous goods transport and shall be periodically supplemented with retraining . 1.4.2.4 Records of all security training undertaken shall be kept by the employer and made available to the employee if requested . 1.4.3 Provisions for high consequence dangerous goods
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	23	We also call for humanitarian needs to be addressed . But that must not be used as pretext by the Russian authorities to keep their forces on Georgian territory or to insert further troops . We need urgently to establish an international presence on the ground to assist efforts at peace , monitor the ceasefire and help protect civilians .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	65	Moreover , the large sums of capital transferred out of the GCC countries annually as remittances by expatriate workers have given the authorities an added incentive to intensify their labour-force indigenization efforts and replace expatriate workers with nationals whenever feasible . Inflation rates remained low in the region , as both the GCC countries and the ESCWA members with more diversified economies were able to keep inflation under control . Estimates indicate that most ESCWA members had inflation rates of lower than 3 per cent in 2000 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	46	What is important is the political will necessary to achieve the modernization I have referred to . For the past 12 years , the Security Council has devoted much of its time to discussing the situation in my country , Iraq , which is not in keeping with the Charter or with anything relevant to international peace and security . Rather , it is in keeping with the wish and interests of two individual States that practise hegemony , I regret to say , without any consideration for the humanitarian and legal standards enshrined in the Charter or in established rules of international legitimacy .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	41	We are of the view that the decision to be reached at the end of the negotiations should be democratic in nature , respecting consensus as an ideal but , if necessary , involve a majority decision . This is in keeping with both the rules of procedure of the General Assembly and democratic principles . The Assembly can not delay this matter any further .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	56	The basis would be an international treaty with international arbitration in the case of disputes . On security , the Greek Cypriot side , bitterly remembering the experience of 1974 , ideally favoured a completely demilitarized island , with all foreign troops ( and “ settlers ” ) withdrawing and a United Nations-mandated international force to keep the peace . The Turkish Cypriot side , equally bitterly remembering the years from 1963 to 1974 , had little faith in the United Nations and favoured the extension of the rights of the guarantor Powers and the stationing by them of large troop contingents in the respective constituent states .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	66	The Committee reaffirms that the United Nations should play an active and facilitating role in these efforts and maintain its permanent responsibility with respect to all aspects of the question of Palestine until it is resolved in all its aspects , in conformity with relevant United Nations resolutions and norms of international law . As requested by the General Assembly , the Committee will continue to keep the situation under review and to promote a constructive analysis and discussion of these issues by the international community . Priority issues in the programme of work of the Committee for 2009
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	42	Section 12 ( 5 ) ( a ) of the Prevention of Terrorism Act , 2002 provides for freezing of funds and assets . Section 35 of the Proceeds of Crimes Act states that seized property during and after investigations shall be kept by the Inspector General of Police or another officer with written authority , and shall ensure that all reasonable steps are taken to preserve it until it is required for the purpose of the Act or disposed of in the terms of the Act . Section 44 of the Criminal Procedure Act , 1985 provides for the property to be seized ( during investigation ) until the conclusion of the case or the investigation and reasonable care be taken for its preservation .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	35	The third lesson we draw is that the vital interests of all States without exception lie in effective multilateralism . To protect ourselves , all of us , we need rules — and they need keeping . Vital to the protection of modern civilization , multilateral security institutions matter now more than ever before .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	35	We should not express a value judgement without , first , consulting that State . If , on the other hand , the analysis were to refer to the application of international treaties , in keeping with the rules of international law , the interpreters would be the States Parties . The consideration of the Secretariat in those cases should be in keeping with that premise .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	97	Mr. Perera ( Sri Lanka ) , Chairman of the Ad Hoc Committee established by General Assembly resolution 51/210 of 17 December 1996 , introduced the report of the Ad Hoc Committee contained in document A/57/37 . The Ad Hoc Committee had been mandated by the General Assembly in its resolution 56/88 to continue the elaboration of a draft comprehensive convention on international terrorism , with the appropriate time allocated to the continued consideration of outstanding issues relating to the elaboration of a draft international convention for the suppression of acts of nuclear terrorism , and to keep on its agenda the question of convening a high-level conference under the auspices of the United Nations to formulate a joint organized response of the international community to terrorism in all its forms and manifestations . The report before the Sixth Committee reflected the progress achieved by the Ad Hoc Committee in all three areas .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	79	At its fifty-seventh session it will examine the Secretary-General 's next report , in accordance with resolution 56/143 of 19 December 2001 . The Commission on Human Rights , in its resolution 2001/62 adopted at its fifty-seventh session on 25 April 2001 , took note ( para. 39 ) of the Secretary-General 's previous reports on the Fund ( A/55/178 and E/CN.4/2001/59 and Corr.1 and Add.1 ) , and ( para. 46 ) requested the Secretary-General to continue to keep it informed of the operations of the Fund on an annual basis . The Secretary-General 's last report to the Assembly on the Fund ( A/56/181 ) and Assembly resolution 56/143 will be available to the Commission at its fifty-eighth session .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	38	If treaties in general were not suspended or terminated by armed conflicts , that was all the more true of treaties expressly covering such situations . Draft article 5 would be thoroughly redundant if draft article 4 were kept . The will of the parties was clearly expressed by the existence of such treaties and no such clause was therefore needed .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	85	The increasing demand for statistics since the Division of Conference Services/UNON became a member of the Department of General Assembly Affairs and Conference Services in September 2000 and the transfer of Governing Council meetings budgets of the United Nations Environment Programme/UN-Habitat in the biennium 2002-2003 to section 2 of the budget prompted improved methodology in tracking the allocation of resources to that area . The installation of the integrated Documents Control and Productivity Monitoring System ( iDCPMS ) in February 2002 has also enhanced record keeping capability , including the reliability of data . Planning and coordination ( Table 1 )
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	89	Furthermore , through the mechanisms established by the Conference of European Statistics , the emerging needs of official statistics will be addressed collectively by all international organizations active in the region . For this to be achieved it is essential that the coordination role of the Conference of European Statistics vis-à-vis the statistical activities of international organizations , including the Statistical Office of European Communities ( Eurostat ) , OECD , the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) , the Statistics Division of the Secretariat and CIS , be kept and further strengthened . ECE will , therefore , continue to compile updated information on the statistical activities of the various international organizations and make it publicly available .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	29	( d ) Non-cash family benefits . These involve regarding the period spent on unpaid leave caring for a child under age 3 , during which the position is kept open for the worker ( usually , the first year of unpaid leave ) , as part of the effective qualifying period for social security . Tax benefits
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	65	In its reply letter of 1 April 2009 , the Government of Turkmenistan indicated that it would be taking the Special Rapporteur 's comments into consideration during the country 's further reform process and the preparation of its periodic report to the Human Rights Committee . The Government stated that legislation in Turkmenistan was currently under reform , including legislation on religious organizations , in keeping with the new Constitution and the Special Rapporteur 's recommendations . The presentation of the review of Turkmenistan 's legislation on religious organizations , with the participation of international experts and representatives of relevant State bodies , was scheduled for the first half of 2009 .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	64	- Mainland : ( i ) Account information is kept for at least five years from the date of termination of an account ; ( ii ) Transaction records are kept for five years from the date each transaction is recorded . - Macao : As stipulated in a Macao Monetary Authority circular , all financial institutions in the Macao Special Administrative Region must keep records of the originators of all transactions . 072/B/2002-DSB/AMCM ) specifies the basic requirements for the opening of accounts by individual and group clients , including client background , country of original residence , line of business and occupation , source of the property , etc .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	43	Thus , in 1986 , we signed the Maritime Delimitation Treaty with Colombia , and , in 2001 , we began maritime negotiations with the United Kingdom on Grand Cayman . We have participated in all negotiating processes in good faith , in keeping with and strictly observing international law , seeking equitable agreements and results . Honduras has also participated in the negotiation process sponsored by the Organization of American States ( OAS ) , in order to reach a satisfactory agreement among the three coastal States — Guatemala , Belize and Honduras — regarding the maritime spaces in the Gulf of Honduras in the Caribbean Sea .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	84	With regard to activity data and related information , the term “ average daily feed intake ” has been changed to “ average gross energy intake ( GE ) ” in order to improve consistency with the IPCC good practice guidance ; the corresponding unit has been changed from “ MJ/day ” to “ MJ/head/day ” . The term “ CH4 conversion ” has been changed to “ Average CH4 conversion rate ( Ym ) ” ; the unit “ % ” has been kept . A footnote has been added accordingly .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	20	Introduction The statement by the President of the Security Council dated 10 February 2000 ( S/PRST/2000/5 ) requested me to keep the Council regularly informed about developments concerning the political , economic , social and security situation in the Central African Republic and the activities of the United Nations Peace-building Support Office in the Central African Republic ( BONUCA ) . The Council also requested me to submit a report to it by 30 June 2000 , at the latest , and every six months thereafter .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	38	Subnational plans in several countries also reflect the goals of “ A world fit for children ” . Efforts to develop regional/provincial , district and local plans of action were reported in numerous countries in 2005 , in keeping with the trend towards decentralization of government . In some countries , follow-up on national plans of action at the subnational level has been much stronger than at the national level .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	60	This year WFP achieved had the highest level of technical cooperation expenditure in the last decade. This rise , from $ 1.6 billion in 2002 to $ 3.3 billion in 2003 , was the major contributing factor to the overall increase in technical cooperation expenditure worldwide . WFP expends most of its resources in the humanitarian assistance sector , in keeping with its mandate to assist victims of human-provoked and natural disasters . This year $ 2.36 billion were allocated to this sector , a rise of 143 per cent compared to $ 968 million in 2002 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	46	Having considered the report of the Commission on its thirty-seventh session , Reiterating its concern that activities undertaken by other bodies in the field of international trade law without adequate coordination with the Commission might lead to undesirable duplication of efforts and would not be in keeping with the aim of promoting efficiency , consistency and coherence in the unification and harmonization of international trade law , Reaffirming the mandate of the Commission , as the core legal body within the United Nations system in the field of international trade law , to coordinate legal activities in this field , in particular to avoid duplication of efforts , including among organizations formulating rules of international trade , and to promote efficiency , consistency and coherence in the modernization and harmonization of international trade law , and to continue , through its secretariat , to maintain close cooperation with other international organs and organizations , including regional organizations , active in the field of international trade law ,
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	43	Sometimes money was pledged , but did not arrive for a very long time . In other cases , right at the crucial time of two to five years after a peacekeeping operation , when a fledgling government needed sustained donor support to keep the peace process on track , another conflict somewhere else claimed the donors ' attention , and funds dried up . The Peacebuilding Fund was intended to address those two difficulties .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	46	These efforts have borne results in the form of the Nairobi Declaration and the Nairobi Protocol on Small Arms as clear testimony of the importance that the Great Lakes countries attach to the problems posed by the proliferation of small arms and light weapons . In keeping with the Programme of Action , these efforts and actions need to be supported . We recognize that differences exist with regard to the appropriateness of binding norms and standards for small arms and lights weapons .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	27	The draft resolution was hastily put to the vote , although there is still a month remaining to ISAF 's current mandate . That is not in keeping with the Council 's normal working practices . The Russian Federation will therefore not be able to support the draft resolution .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	26	To meet the health needs of developing countries , PATH invents or adapts technologies and provides technical assistance to improve health products and programmes . In keeping with its mission , PATH is committed to three goals : improving women 's health , improving children 's health and preventing communicable diseases . PATH 's headquarters and a programme office are located in Seattle , Washington ( United States of America ) .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	93	Decides to extend the mandate of UNOMIG for a new period terminating on 31 July 2001 , subject to a review by the Council of the mandate of UNOMIG in the event of any changes that may be made in the mandate or in the presence of the CIS peacekeeping force , and expresses its intention to conduct a thorough review of the operation at the end of its current mandate , in the light of steps taken by the parties to achieve a comprehensive settlement ; Requests the Secretary-General to continue to keep the Council regularly informed and to report three months from the date of the adoption of this resolution on the situation in Abkhazia , Georgia , and requests also the Secretary-General to provide for a briefing within three months on the progress of the political settlement , including on the status of the draft paper his Special Representative intends to submit to the parties as referred to in paragraph 3 above ; Decides to remain actively seized of the matter .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	16	[ Original : Spanish ] [ 11 June 2007 ] The Republic of Ecuador , in keeping with its Political Constitution and the Charter of the United Nations , bases its relations with the international community on the recognition and firm belief that international law constitutes a standard of conduct required of States in their reciprocal relations ; it consequently applies no measure that would be at variance with the sovereignty and juridical equality of States or the peaceful coexistence of individual nations . The Government of Ecuador therefore voted in favour of resolution 61/11 and will continue to condemn the unilateral application of economic and commercial measures against Cuba .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	35	Regrettably , although an administrator has been appointed , the agreement has not yet been signed . The independent expert regrets that the promises that he received from successive governments on this subject were not kept , and he hopes that the new Government will adopt the agreement as a matter of urgency so that the Institute can finally make an effective and indispensable contribution to the efforts of the authorities , who have expressed their intention to wage a resolute war against impunity . Indeed , the Institute plays a crucial role in gathering evidence in most violence-related cases .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	58	Under this approach , school development teams are increasingly taking responsibility for designing strategies for staff development and the management of teaching and learning in the four fields : the Syrian Arab Republic , Lebanon , the West Bank and Jordan . However , it was difficult under the continued disruptions and closures in the Gaza field to keep to the implementation plan . Nevertheless , workshops were conducted in Gaza and there was an exchange of visits between schools to share best practices .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	51	This period of unpaid leave is considered an individual right of the worker and is counted towards seniority . The worker retains the right to attend vocational training courses ( in particular , when rejoining the company ) ; during this year , the worker is entitled to have his position kept open . ( f ) Guarantees against dismissal
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	49	Having considered the report of the Commission on the work of its thirty-eighth session , Reiterating its concern that activities undertaken by other bodies in the field of international trade law without adequate coordination with the Commission might lead to undesirable duplication of efforts and would not be in keeping with the aim of promoting efficiency , consistency and coherence in the unification and harmonization of international trade law , Reaffirming the mandate of the Commission , as the core legal body within the United Nations system in the field of international trade law , to coordinate legal activities in this field , in particular to avoid duplication of efforts , including among organizations formulating rules of international trade , and to promote efficiency , consistency and coherence in the modernization and harmonization of international trade law , and to continue , through its secretariat , to maintain close cooperation with other international organs and organizations , including regional organizations , active in the field of international trade law ,
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	37	See article 9 , Protocol of San Salvador and article 12 , European Social Charter . The African Charter stipulates that “ the aged and the disabled shall also have right to special measures of protection in keeping with their physical or moral needs ” . These nine branches are : health care , sickness , old age , unemployment , employment injury , family and child support , maternity , disability , and survivors and orphans .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	17	Nor am I forgetting the most recent proposals , put forward by Ambassador Reimaa . I shall keep in mind this heritage as I continue the intensive consultations that I launched at the beginning of the week and which I shall be pursuing with all delegations in a spirit of total transparency . To disregard this indispensable foundation would be an unpardonable mistake .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	42	17/77 ) and Law on the Prevention and Prohibition of Corruption ( Law No. 2/2000 ) subscribe to the legislative framework against financing of terrorist acts and money laundering. Section 6 of Law No . 17/77 in particular prohibits the receiving , keeping and use of goods or money obtained , or with reason to believe to have been obtained through indulgence in an act prohibited under the Law . The same section prohibits the laundering of proceeds from offences under the said Law .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	53	Mr. Toro Jiménez ( Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela ) , speaking on agenda item 107 , said that the problem of drugs and drug trafficking was a crime against humanity which affected the weakest sectors of society . For that reason , it required a whole-hearted commitment by all international stakeholders , in keeping with the principle of shared responsibility and a comprehensive and balanced approach . Venezuela had stepped up action and cooperation by establishing internal and international mechanisms , both bilateral and multilateral , that strengthened the immediate response to the challenges raised by drugs .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	58	Accordingly , in international forums Mexico has repeatedly advocated efforts to seek a total ban on weapons which can cause excessive or unnecessary human suffering . Against this background , Mexico considers that the parties to a conflict have an obligation to draw a distinction between combatants and civilians , and between civilian and military objects , in keeping with the principle of distinction . Similarly , the imperatives of humaneness lay down , through the principle of limitation , that the methods and means of war are not unlimited , and that the use of those which cause superfluous injury or unnecessary suffering , such as those which are excessively injurious or have indiscriminate effects , is prohibited , and that the use of any weapon of any nature should be subject to the safeguard of the principle of precautions during an attack , which encompasses situations prior and subsequent to the conflict itself .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	21	Indeed , we are not persuaded by the reasoning as contained in the report . If there was no peace to keep , why then did the Security Council authorize AMISOM , which was in fact acting on its behalf . It is not my wish to draw parallels here , but I would like to cite the example of Darfur .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	77	That should become an occasion not just for debate and exchange of views , but also for the formulation of common principles to guide economic cooperation and development policy with respect to trade , finance and technology . In the area of peace and security , there is room for the Assembly to play a more active role throughout the year in reviewing the work of the Security Council to preserve the principle of accountability , in keeping with the provisions of Article 24 of the Charter . Meetings could be held on the basis of special reports requested when the Council has been unable to act on matters affecting international peace and security by virtue of a deadlock in the decision-making process .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	49	Cancún was an opportunity missed by the WTO to demonstrate its genuine commitment to development and to correcting inequalities in international trade , and the deadline for the conclusion of negotiations might now not be met . Efforts should be made to put the negotiations back on track in keeping with the letter and spirit of the Doha Ministerial Declaration . Finally , the process of accession to the WTO posed excessive demands on the acceding developing countries .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	28	Thirdly , the United Nations may not be able to bear the full responsibility of implementing resolution 1325 ( 2000 ) . Governments have the primary responsibility for keeping peace in their territories . The United Nations , therefore , must use its unique and important position to enable Governments to make full use of resolution 1325 ( 2000 ) in leading the peace efforts in their countries .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	60	Willow Run , General Electric 's enormous installations at Louisville and Syracuse , the Pentagon , Boeing in Seattle , Douglas and Lockheed in Los Angeles , the new automobile assembly plants everywhere - none of these is substantially served by any sort of conventional mass rapid transit . They are all suburban plants , relying on the roads to keep them supplied with workers . And wherever the new thruways go up their banks are lined by neat glass and metal and colored brick light industry .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	67	While that flexibility may be positive , we must not lose sight of the fact that , in carrying out this process , the Security Council interpreted the Charter 's provisions in order to be able to deal with what it , at the time , considered to be threats to international peace and security . Should that tendency continue , we should have clearer rules in keeping with the purposes and principles of the Charter . Under what modalities and what circumstances should the Council act ?
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	20	But the Organization does need new mechanisms to run peacekeeping operations . It is impossible to comprehend why we still keep in place clauses on “ enemy States ” while the United Nations has no regulations to properly address the problems related to its humanitarian interventions . There is a general acceptance of the need for clear lines to be drawn to mark new areas of responsibility for a number of important United Nations organs .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	74	The high levels of persistent poverty and disease and the growing frequency and scale of natural disasters , particularly in developing countries , not only implied a reduction in capacity , but suggested that much of the investment in human settlements would be needed for replacing facilities rather than adding to their stock . The constraints on many developing countries included scant resources and claims for debt servicing ; the international community must therefore keep its promise to support their efforts , providing them with the requisite resources , increased capacity , technology transfer and an enabling environment . There was a critical need for increased and predictable financial contributions to the United Nations Human Settlements Foundation for timely global implementation of the Habitat Agenda , the Declaration on Cities and Other Human Settlements in the New Millennium and the water , sanitation and slum-upgrading Millennium Declaration goals .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	62	Secondly , all countries , either neighbours of or involved in Afghanistan , should be discouraged from relying on particular Afghan groups as their primary allies and should refrain from pursuing their special interests through those groups . Thirdly , while the fight against terrorism and its supporters goes on , special care must be taken to ensure that innocent civilians are kept out of harm 's way . All humanitarian support should be provided , organized and facilitated .
keep%2:31:00::	keep.v	35	Back in college , today 's handsome Gander was the only male member of a Texas Tech class on food . The pretty coeds must have ogled him all day long - but he dutifully kept his eye on the gravy . Last October he gave a public speech in Washington , D. C. entitled `` Are Women Here to Stay '' ?
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	37	Regular inspections are conducted at locations where nuclear materials are used or where specific equipment can be produced . At the State level all uses of nuclear materials are lodged in an official register , which is kept at the Nuclear Safety Department of the Ministry of Economy , Labour and Entrepreneurship . After the entering into force of the Additional Protocol in 2000 existing Decree specifying goods subject to export and import licences has been added with tariff items and numbers that comprise equipments and materials from Annex II of the Additional Protocol ( Official Gazette no. 67/03 , 83/03 , 121/03 and 198/03 ) .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	100	While both - the requirements applicable to qualifications of suppliers or contractors and requirements as regards responsiveness of tenders - would be set forth in the solicitation documents , from the drafting it is not clear whether the drafters intended that both or only the latter ( i.e. , excluding the requirements applicable to qualifications of suppliers ) would be taken into account in determining the responsiveness of tenders . The drafters of the 1994 text were not persuaded of the merits of specifying which requirements are taken into account in ascertainment of the responsiveness of tenders , preferring to keep the general reference in the Model Law to all requirements in the solicitation documents ( see paragraphs 7-9 above ) . Relevant provisions of applicable international instruments
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	131	At its fifty-fifth session , the General Assembly decided to base the scale of assessments for the period 2001-2003 on specified elements and criteria , and to fix those elements until 2006 , subject to the provisions of resolution 55/5 C , in particular paragraph 2 , and without prejudice to rule 160 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly ( resolution 55/5 B ) . At the same session , the Assembly established a reduced ceiling of 22 per cent for the assessed contribution of any individual Member State ; and decided to review the position at the end of 2003 and , depending on the status of contributions and arrears , to determine all appropriate measures to remedy the situation , including adjustments of the ceiling in keeping with its resolutions 52/215 A to D ( resolution 55/5 C ) . At its fifty-seventh session , the General Assembly endorsed the conclusions and recommendations of the Committee on Contributions concerning multi-year payment plans , as contained in paragraphs 17 to 23 of its report ( A/57/11 ) .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	70	In cases of large-scale corruption the amounts of state resources illicitly converted to private ownership and exported to international banking centres and financial havens can be staggering . “ An estimated US $ 20-40 billion has over the decades been illegally and corruptly appropriated from some of the world 's poorest countries , most of them in Africa , by politicians , soldiers , businesspersons and other leaders , and kept abroad in the form of cash , stocks and bonds , real estate and other assets. ” Although the full extent of the transfers of illicit funds or assets is impossible to measure with precision , there can be very little doubt that corruption and the laundering of proceeds derived from corruption have a cancerous effect on economies and politics around the globe .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	11	Report on the implementation of resolution 1737 ( 2006 ) In keeping with resolution 1737 ( 2006 ) as it pertains to Iranian-nuclear programmes , Grenada does not possess the capability to produce uranium and other nuclear fuel products within its tri-island State . The Ports Authority and Customs of Grenada remain steadfastly vigilant in ensuring that they prevent the supply or transfer of nuclear product materials directly or indirectly from the ports within the State of Grenada via vessels and/or aircraft .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	53	Our work on improving coastal ecosystems , our water and nature initiatives , the work that we do on forests and landscapes , our fisheries strategies and our recent conference on biodiversity in European development cooperation all highlight the very real value of our work . We would like the General Assembly to keep a continual focus on the necessity of preserving our planet and the richness of its human and natural resources . The IUCN has a deep commitment to working to make conservation and the management of natural resources more effective in addressing poverty .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	75	Mr. Neil ( Jamaica ) : I wish to thank the Secretary-General and the Chairman of the Ad Hoc Committee of the Whole for their reports on the final review and appraisal of implementation of the United Nations New Agenda for the Development of Africa in the 1990s . Ten years ago , the General Assembly decided that Africa would be one of the priorities of the United Nations in the 1990s and , in keeping with this decision , the international community committed itself to working with the African countries to address the serious economic and social problems facing their respective countries . Built into this programme for change and the advancement of the people of Africa was also a commitment on the part of African Governments to promote dialogue , to implement economic and social policies with the goal of increasing the growth rate of their economies , and to enhance the health and welfare of the people .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	42	The European Union strongly supported the Ottawa Convention on Landmines , to which 147 States had acceded ; its universalization was essential . States Parties had been urged at the 2005 World Summit to fulfil their obligations under the Convention , in keeping with the First Review Conference in 2004 and the Nairobi Action Plan for the period 2005 to 2009 . The sixth meeting of States Parties in Croatia later in 2005 should assess progress made towards the attainment of the Convention 's humanitarian goals .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	53	Finally , following a reduction in the contingent supplied aviation capabilities of MINUSTAH , it will be essential to deploy sufficient aviation assets allowing the Mission to maintain its current airlifting capacity . Given the many uncertainties outlined above and the fragility of the overall security situation , the force strength should be kept at the currently authorized ceiling of 7 , 500 troops . While the actual deployed strength has dropped following the withdrawal , pursuant to resolution 1608 ( 2005 ) , of one battalion and the closure of the Port-au-Prince sector headquarters , retaining the 7 , 500 ceiling would give the Mission sufficient flexibility to be able to swiftly deploy additional troops should changes in the security situation require reinforcements .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	20	Expresses its support for the declarations of the Ministerial meetings of the Peace Implementation Conference ; Reaffirms its intention to keep implementation of the Peace Agreement and the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina under close review , taking into account the reports submitted pursuant to paragraphs 18 and 21 below , and any recommendations those reports might include , and its readiness to consider the imposition of measures if any party fails significantly to meet its obligations under the Peace Agreement ; Recalls the support of the authorities of Bosnia and Herzegovina for the EU force and the continued NATO presence and their confirmation that both are the legal successors to SFOR for the fulfilment of their missions for the purposes of the Peace Agreement , its Annexes and Appendices and relevant United Nations Security Council resolutions and can take such actions as are required , including the use of force , to ensure compliance with Annexes 1-A and 2 of the Peace Agreement and relevant United Nations Security Council resolutions ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	21	It spearheaded the struggles for decolonization and political independence . It must now , in an increasingly interdependent world and in keeping with the mandate of its Charter , play a pivotal role in promoting higher standards of living in larger freedom for the benefit of all of the world 's peoples . Provisional agenda for the 4159th meeting of the Security Council
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	95	Their participation is essential in helping to salvage what remains of the community , in promoting reconstruction of the social fabric and in supporting reintegration of permanently displaced persons in host communities . In this regard , and secondly , it seems to us therefore that if we are to set realistic objectives with which all actors participating in the efforts to protect civilians in armed conflict can identify , we must promote dialogue among all interested parties and establish institutions which will enable them to interact , thus securing better participation for all in keeping with the principles of humanity , neutrality , impartiality and independence . That brings me to the third point that my delegation wishes to stress and which has to do with improved coordination and cooperation among all actors .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	53	Ms. Yade ( France ) ( spoke in French ) : I would like to welcome the presence of the Chairman-in-Office of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe ( OSCE ) , Mr. Stubb , and to thank him for his briefing . The priorities that he has defined are in keeping with the challenges we face , and we share them in full . The European Union ( EU ) is tied to the OSCE , the only organization that brings together all the States from Vancouver to Vladivostok and is equipped with a broad mandate .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	29	The Board had endorsed continuing use of the core programme areas in decision 2000/11 . Concerning the “ ABC ” approach to HIV/AIDS prevention , she clarified that in keeping with the international consensus UNFPA promoted all three components - A , B and C - simultaneously . The Deputy Executive Director ( Management ) thanked the Executive Board for approving the biennial support budget , 2004-2005 , and for the increase in contributions announced by Sweden and Canada .
keep%2:31:00::	keep.v	39	It was also imperative to take firm measures against the insubordination of some policemen who tended to forget that the police constitutes the right hand of Justice . Normally , the commissioner should be kept informed of those being kept in custody . Unfortunately , in real life , people are kept in police stations for months without a hearing before a judge .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	19	See EGM/Girl Child/2006/REPORT , para . UNAIDS , The Global Coalition on Women and AIDS ( 2006 ) , Keeping the Promise : An Agenda for Action on Women and AIDS , p. 9 . UNAIDS/United Nations Population Fund/United Nations Development Fund for Women ( 2004 ) , Women and HIV/AIDS : Confronting the Crisis .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	35	Requests the Secretary-General to continue to consult with staff , including staff representatives , in the development of mobility policies ; Requests the International Civil Service Commission , within its mandate , to continue to keep under review the question of mobility in the United Nations common system , including its implications for career development , and to make recommendations to the General Assembly , as appropriate , in the context of its annual reports ; Requests the Secretary-General to take the steps necessary to ensure that mobility is not used as an instrument of coercion against staff and to ensure that appropriate monitoring and accountability measures are in place ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	95	In all cases , questions posed by the Committee were related to the involuntary placement and treatment of persons with disabilities in psychiatric institutions . Similarly , the Committee refers to disability only with regard to a few reports , including the second periodic report of Estonia , where it recommended that Estonia ensure that the administrative procedure related to the detention of a person for mental health reasons comply with article 9 of the Covenant , and the fourth periodic report of Belgium , in which the Committee expressed concerns about the practice of keeping mentally-ill people in prisons and psychiatric annexes to prisons , and requested to provide mental patients with care and protection . Only on one occasion has the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination ( CERD ) referred to disability in its concluding observations .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	94	Netherlands noted that CAT requested the State to publicly condemn hate crimes and other violent acts of racial discrimination , xenophobia and related violence and work to eradicate incitement and any role public officials or law enforcement personnel might have in such violence . Netherlands recommended that Ukraine take further efficient measures to ensure that law enforcement officials , prosecutors and judges involved in enforcing the law relating to hate crimes and other violent acts of racial discrimination and xenophobia fully understand the nature of such crimes and that statistics on racist incidents are kept centrally and are publicized . It referred to concerns expressed by CAT , the Committee on the Rights of the Child and the Human Rights Committee about allegations of torture and ill-treatment and noted that the Council of Europe and others are ready to assist Ukraine to improve the situation .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	51	Expresses its full satisfaction at the devotion and efficiency with which the IDB President and his staff are running this institution to ensure its good performance , as it continues to make an invaluable contribution to the development and progress of Muslim populations . Calls on the Islamic Development Bank to keep up its beneficial action and strive to increase the mobilization of necessary resources for augmenting its services to the Member States , and to the Islamic Ummah at large . Appreciates the Bank 's efforts to create the IDB Infrastructure Fund with a capital of 1500 million US dollar to develop infrastructure in Member States in the fields of energy and hydro-electricity , communications , transport etc. and to support the private sector .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	45	Unfortunately , we have not been able to achieve significant progress at the NPT Review Conferences to date . At the 2005 Review Conference , we were unable to come up with specific progressive measures in the area of nuclear disarmament and non-proliferation , in keeping with the three-step programme agreed at the 2000 Review Conference . The current disarmament situation as I have just described it does not , however , prevent the Commission from carrying out its essential functions as a specialized deliberative body within the multilateral disarmament mechanisms of the United Nations .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	26	( b ) Duty to keep the encumbered assets properly insured and to pay taxes The duty of care allocated to the grantor in possession includes keeping the encumbered asset properly insured and ensuring that the property taxes are paid . If these expenses are incurred by the secured creditor , it has the right to be reimbursed by the grantor whose obligation to reimburse is secured by the security right ( see paras. 26 and 27 ) .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	74	UNHCR welcomes the recent Council resolutions reinforcing the capacity and the role of the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo in protecting civilians in the Democratic Republic of the Congo , and the opportunity they provide to give effect to resolution 1820 ( 2008 ) , on combating sexual violence against civilians , particularly women and girls . However , in situations in which there is no peace to keep , mandates for the protection of civilians must be sufficiently clear and strong and must be supported by appropriate levels of political and material support . Many peacekeeping operations start in a situation of relative tranquillity , only to be affected later by a deteriorating security environment .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	27	To illustrate a number of issues linked with the protection of cultural heritage , the following data are provided . The registers of monuments of culture are kept by competent agencies , according to the territorial principle . In this regard , there are municipal and central registers of movable and immovable monuments of culture .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	41	2.2 After detention for over one year without any production before a court or a judicial officer , the author applied for release . On 22 September 1988 , the High Court of Zambia decided that there were no reasons to keep him in detention . Nevertheless , the author was not released until December 1988 , when the President revoked his detention .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	66	We feel this is a useful effort for maintaining a forum for dialogue and reflection among the member countries , but in no way is it to be seen as a substitute for the main endeavour , which is the adoption of a programme of work and the early initiation of substantive negotiations . We have said this many times , but we will have to keep repeating it . Over these eight years of inactivity a critical mass has been growing , around which efforts have been made to explore and promote consensus .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	39	Although it was acknowledged that variant B presented the substance of variant A in a more succinct form , it was suggested that both variants should be preserved . In any event paragraph 2 of variant A should be kept , as it provided important guidance to enacting States regarding the circumstances that might trigger a revision of the concession contract . That guidance was even more important , given the exceptional nature of contract revision following a hardship situation .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	106	Reaffirms that any act of enforced disappearance is an offence to human dignity and a grave and flagrant violation of the human rights and fundamental freedoms proclaimed in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights1 and reaffirmed and developed in other international instruments in this field , as well as a violation of the rules of international law ; and that no State shall practise , permit or tolerate enforced disappearances as proclaimed in the Declaration on the Protection of All Persons from Enforced Disappearances ; Urges all Governments to take appropriate legislative or other steps to prevent and suppress the practice of enforced disappearances , in keeping with the Declaration , and to take action to that end at the national and regional levels and in cooperation with the United Nations , including through the provision of technical assistance ; Calls upon Governments to take steps to ensure that , when a state of emergency is introduced , the protection of human rights is ensured , in particular as regards the prevention of enforced disappearances ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	16	The Prime Minister of Bangladesh proposed the establishment of child soldier-free zones . We believe in keeping with our commitments to the future generations . This objective should be pursued by the membership and should be supported by the United Nations system and other actors .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	64	According to the Statute , the Assembly shall meet once a year and , when circumstances so require , hold special sessions ( art. 112 , para . Pursuant to rule 37 of the draft Rules of the Assembly of States Parties ( PCNICC/2001/L.4/Add.4 ) , it is envisaged that a secretariat would be responsible for receiving , translating , reproducing , distributing and keeping custody of documents and decisions of the Assembly , the Bureau and any subsidiary bodies that may be established by the Assembly , as well as providing interpretation . Thus , the secretariat will be involved in the substantive servicing of meetings and preparing pre-session , in-session and post-session documentation .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	27	Through its research and its analysis of economic trends and through the publication of its flagship reports , it had provided policy inputs to Governments . In keeping with the spirit of the São Paulo Consensus , its activities were geared towards understanding international trends and making globalization development-friendly . UNCTAD had contributed to high-level meetings organized by ECOSOC as well as many international conferences .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	37	At the insistence of his own supervisor - the president of the firm , he enrolled in a course designed to develop leaders . He played a number of typical situations before observers , other supervisors who kept notes and then explained to him in detail what he did they thought was wrong . Entirely concerned with efficiency , he was merciless in criticizing people who made mistakes , condemning them to too great an extent .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	81	For task 21 , it states that , on 15 February 1962 , the CIA would submit a plan to disrupt the harvest of food crops in Cuba . The following two sections of the declassified text of this document , which might be expected to clarify the method to be used in pursuit of this objective , appear to be censored : clearly their content was so repugnant that even the officials responsible for declassifying the document saw fit to keep that part of it secret . In the light of this disclosure , it is hardly coincidental that , also in 1962 , there were simultaneous outbreaks of Newcastle disease in poultry flocks in the provinces of Pinar del Río , La Habana , Matanzas and Oriente .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	50	If the Peace Accords are to continue to be implemented , it will be necessary for all Bosnian parties to cooperate fully with all of the entities in order to achieve a peaceful compromise based on the Accords . It is therefore up to the local authorities to strive to keep the situation under control by making the necessary reforms . The international community has a cohesive management role to play in that regard .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	24	I want to thank Mr. Oshima , on behalf of the members of the Council . It is very important that this matter be kept fully under review . The interest generated in our discussion among members of the Council , as well as in our debate yesterday , clearly indicate that members of the Council , as well as non-members , see a direct link between the protection of civilians and issues relating to international peace and security .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	39	The decisions to be made on coverage and scope are obviously related to the funding issue , and more generally to resources and capacities available at different levels . In the user environment there is a strong support for keeping a full GDP coverage . There is a support for this among the participating countries as well , being well aware of the importance of the centrally managed survey programme developed to cover components like housing and construction .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	107	Allow me to make these general comments on negative security assurances , as a preliminary approach to the structured debates on the scope and content of this fourth item on the agenda that we will discuss further on 3 August . Allow me to begin by saying that the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty or a protocol to the Treaty would be as far as we are concerned the most appropriate frameworks for pursuing negotiations on a multilateral legally binding instrument on negative security assurances , bearing in mind the fact that the five nuclear Powers must ensure full and effective compliance with these measures and arrangements , in keeping with the provisions of that instrument , the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty , a cornerstone of the non-proliferation regime . Our delegation has no objection to including consideration of negative security assurances in the programme of work of the Conference .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	21	Random-laid undetectable mines also threaten military forces operating in a post-conflict environment . The task of military forces engaged in Peace Keeping type operations may be made easier if mines are more easily detectable . A number of technologies have been developed for detecting mines .
keep%2:40:09::	keep.v	41	The Commission noted that the Tribunal in its judgements had concluded that this argument was irrelevant . According to the Tribunal , the manner of applying the Flemming principle did not turn on such variables as the desire of staff to keep their jobs , or the ease or difficulty of finding good local recruits . What the Flemming principle envisaged was that General Service staff should have pay and other terms of employment that matched “ the best on offer at the local duty station ” .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	39	The resolution on global partnerships to be discussed in plenary would have a direct impact on the Committee 's work . He reiterated the Union 's desire that work should be organized in a transparent and efficient manner in keeping with the rules of procedure . Given the very special nature of the proceedings at the current session , some flexibility would need to be shown , but the Union would press for adhering to the procedures for the submission of draft resolutions , particularly with regard to deadlines .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	62	We believe that follow-up by the Security Council in the coming months of developments in Côte d'Ivoire will be critical in providing support to enable the authorities in that country to reach the internal consensus needed to fulfil the requirements of the Linas-Marcoussis Agreement and the political timetable envisaged . Once again , we reiterate the importance of the Security Council 's keeping its attention focused on this matter , so that , through such follow-up , it can contribute to the consolidation of the developments that are under way and avoid any pitfalls . Mr. Gaspar Martins ( Angola ) : I would like to start by joining my colleagues who have already paid tribute to Ambassador Jeremy Greenstock , who is , unfortunately , with us for the last time as he is due to leave .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	44	( a ) Take note of the utilization of additional resources provided through various resolutions under the Development Account ; ( b ) Take note that the original basis of funding the Development Account from efficiency savings is no longer applicable and continue to keep the matter under consideration as to future opportunities for increasing resources for the Development Account . Annex
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	88	The Permanent Mission of the Republic of Turkey to the United Nations presents its compliments to the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1572 ( 2004 ) and , with reference to the latter 's note verbale of 4 March 2005 concerning Côte d'Ivoire , has the honour to inform the Committee that , since the adoption of resolution 1572 ( 2004 ) , Turkey has not supplied , sold , transferred or exported arms or related military materiel to Côte d'Ivoire . In keeping with the arms embargo regime , the relevant Turkish authorities have taken necessary measures to prohibit third countries or third-country nationals from using Turkish territory and flag carriers for the transfer of the aforementioned materiel to Côte d'Ivoire . Furthermore , the Turkish authorities will impose comprehensive travel restrictions , a visa ban and an asset freeze on individuals that the Committee designates and includes in a list , pursuant to the relevant paragraphs of resolutions 1572 ( 2004 ) and 1584 ( 2005 ) .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	45	So let us go back — the Secretariat will make the editorial changes — and keep “ 2006 ” in the previous paragraphs with the understanding that since there was no 2005 substantive session , the next one will be in 2006 . Let us keep “ 2006 ” . Mr. Najafi ( Islamic Republic of Iran ) : Perhaps I should clarify my earlier comment .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	47	The Working Group was agreed that its working assumption would be without prejudice to a final decision , at an appropriate stage , concerning the form of the instrument under consideration . A widely shared view , in that connection , was that the Working Group should keep a flexible approach to the question of the form of the instrument until it had considered in more detail the scope of the instrument and its substantive provisions . Scope of the instrument
keep%2:31:00::	keep.v	61	After the attacks , the United States Government had warned television networks to be mindful of the dangers of relaying Osama bin Laden 's statements to audiences in the United States . Some journalists had complained that those measures limited the media 's ability to provide people with the information they needed , noting that a free press was necessary to keep abuses of power in check . Some measure of accountability from the media was necessary , however .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	51	The Committee deplores the fact that prison conditions in Cameroon are characterized by severe overcrowding and inadequate food and medical care . The Committee urges the State party to address the issue of prison overcrowding as a matter of priority and to ensure that prisoners are treated with humanity , in keeping with article 10 of the Covenant . The Committee is deeply concerned at the prosecution and punishment of journalists for the crime of publication of “ false news ” merely on the ground that the news was false , in clear violation of article 19 of the Covenant .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	14	The tapping defined the rhythm and kept the boys awake . I could not keep my eyes away from the boy with the red hair . His body pitched back and forth on the bench .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	32	I will mention only some important achievements here . Large-scale conflict has not returned , a humanitarian crisis was averted early on and the political timetable has for the most part been kept : from the installation of the Interim Authority on 22 December 2001 through the holding of the Emergency Loya Jirga in June 2002 , the formation of President Karzai 's Administration and now the successful conclusion of the Constitutional Loya Jirga . Under President Karzai 's leadership , the Afghan Administration has overseen some worthy accomplishments , including the articulation of a national development framework and the national budget , the adoption of a new national currency , the first steps in the formation of a national army and a national police and the return to school of some 4 million boys and girls .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	68	Turning to the draft guidelines submitted in addenda 3 and 4 to his fifth report , the Special Rapporteur began with draft guideline 2.2.1 entitled “ Reservations formulated when signing and formal confirmation ” . This draft guideline is based on article 23 , paragraph 2 , of the 1969 and 1986 Vienna Conventions ; this reflects the “ practical ” nature of the Guide and is in keeping with the Commission 's decision not to amend the relevant provisions of the Vienna Conventions . The Special Rapporteur explained that , at the 1968-1969 Vienna Conference , the principle of the formal confirmation of a reservation when expressing consent to be bound was more akin to the progressive development of international law , but , since then , had become a generally accepted rule reflecting the prevailing practice .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	39	The Employment of Minorities ( Promotion ) Act ( SAMEN ) is intended to be an instrument designed to support individual companies in conducting a multicultural personnel policy . The Act requires employers with at least 35 employees to keep separate personnel records and to submit an annual report on the measures taken by the company to achieve proportionality under the Act . In recent years a great deal has been done to support employers in implementing the Act and in conducting a multicultural personnel policy .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	54	( a ) Determining the requirements for the adoption and strengthening of national legislation and procedures concerning , in particular , the establishment of criminal offences and the seizure , confiscation and disposal of firearms ( in accordance with arts. 5 and 6 of the Protocol ) . ( b ) Implementing requirements to keep records regarding firearms , as well as their marking and deactivation ( arts. 7-9 ) ; ( c ) Establishing or maintaining effective systems for the licensing or authorization of the import , export and transit of firearms ( art. 10 ) ;
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	10	Broader Vaccination Programme The vaccination programme in the above period kept up the efforts to meet the goals planned in the view of lowering the children 's mortality and incapacity by seven immuno-preventable diseases . For routine :
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	89	For purposes of transparency and accountability , paragraph 3 ( b ) requires the contracting authority to keep minutes of any meeting convened or discussion held with bidders , indicating the questions raised by bidders and clarifications provided by the contracting authority ( see A/CN.9/521 , para . Also for the same purpose and in order to limit the scope for unfair changes meant to favour particular bidders , paragraph 3 ( c ) requires the contracting authority to state in the record of the selection proceedings to be kept pursuant to draft model provision 26 the reasons for any amendment to , or modification in , the elements of the request for proposals under paragraph 3 ( c ) ( A/CN.9/521 , para . Model provision 11. Content of the final request for proposals
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	22	Women had the same rights to legal services as men . Women also had the same rights as men to acquire , keep or change their citizenship , and marriage to a foreign national did not automatically deprive a woman of her Lebanese citizenship . The representative noted that the labour law did not distinguish between women and men in employment , and that the principle of equal pay for equal work prevailed .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	54	I think that here there is a need — and this was spoken to earlier by Ambassador Greenstock — not to leave all of this on paper or simply within the sphere of conversation , but to see what , in fact , can really be done . Incidentally , that would be in keeping with the wishes that have been expressed here by many Members of the United Nations — that the permanent members of the Security Council participate more actively in United Nations peacekeeping operations . Naturally , in current conditions , the activities of the Military Staff Committee in rendering assistance to the Security Council in the planning and carrying out of operations must be implemented in close interaction with the troop-contributing countries .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	34	It was noted that such indicators would serve as a useful complement to States Parties ' own objectives to assess progress , by the Second Review Conference , in assisting the victims . In keeping with Action # 38 of the Nairobi Action Plan , at least 11 experts with a disability participated in the June 2008 meetings of the Standing Committees , including one who was a member of the delegation of a State Party . In keeping with Action # 39 of the Nairobi Action Plan , 14 of the 26 relevant States Parties included health , rehabilitation , social services or disability professionals in their delegations to the June 2008 meetings of the Standing Committees .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	60	The Meeting recommended for adoption at the Second Review Conference the draft rules of procedure , draft agenda , provisional programme of work , and the cost estimates of the first and the second preparatory meetings , as contained in documents APLC/CONF/2009/PM.1/3 , APLC/CONF/2009/PM.1/4 , APLC/CONF/2009/PM.1/6* , APLC/CONF/2009/PM.1/6*/Corr.1 , APLC/CONF/2009/PM.1/7 and APLC/CONF/2009/PM.1/7/Corr.1 respectively . The Meeting recommended that , in keeping with the practice that has served the States Parties well at their formal meetings , the Co-Chairs of the four Standing Committees should serve as Vice Presidents of the Second Review Conference , namely : Argentina , Australia , Belgium , Chile , Italy , Japan , Thailand and Zambia . Documentation
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	122	To request the secretariat to report its findings and recommendations on the issue of audit certificates concerning unfinished monitoring and assessment projects in writing for consideration at a future informal meeting of the Working Group of the Governing Council . To request the secretariat to assist in setting up a meeting in November 2005 of technical representatives of the claimant Governments , Iraq , the Compensation Commission and UNEP to further discuss the issue of the environmental monitoring and assessment databank ; to convey to the parties at that meeting the Governing Council 's interest in making the databank publicly accessible to the greatest extent possible ; to provide an update on this issue following the November 2005 meeting ; and to keep this issue on the agenda for the December session . That the final monitoring and assessment results received from Saudi Arabia 's oiled shoreline survey be taken into consideration when the Commission monitors the use of awards for environmental remediation activities , including the award for Commission claim No. 5000451 .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	29	( c ) Continuing witness protection is of critical importance ; ( d ) The archives of the Tribunals are the property of the United Nations and must be kept under its control . Further discussions on the basis of three successive Chairman 's drafts of a possible Security Council resolution largely identified the structure of the possible residual mechanism or mechanisms , although important differences of view remain. The following basic structure has emerged :
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	27	This would mean that interested Fund participants would be required to pay , at least in part , for those administrative costs . The Board agreed to keep under consideration the option of purchasing additional years of service , subject to the restrictions outlined in paragraph 154 above . The Board agreed that the number of years any participant could purchase would be limited to three and that the purchase of additional years could be exercised only once during a participant 's career .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	48	Other lawyers in the Prosecution Section assist the superior Senior Prosecutors in the execution of their supervisory responsibility during case preparation and later in proceedings before the Court . The Prosecution Section must also provide a professional case secretary or Case Support Officer to each investigation team to keep all files and documents relevant to a case in order from the very beginning of an investigation until the end of trial proceedings . This case support supplements the activities of the Information and Evidence Unit to manage the information and potential evidence within the Office of the Prosecutor .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	14	“ Arria formula ” On the initiative of one of its members and in keeping with rule 39 of its provisional rules of procedure , the Security Council could resort , as appropriate , to the Arria formula to hear views and obtain or exchange information with personalities , organisations , institutions , or whomever it considers pertinent , involved in a conflict . At no time will the Security Council receive representatives of Governments of United Nations Member States under this mechanism .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	130	I should like in that connection to commend the active and effective role played by the Secretary-General and by the relevant bodies of the United Nations system , especially the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs , in dealing with the crisis and in coordinating relief efforts . We hope that the assistance being provided by States and international financial institutions , for which we express our gratitude , will continue and be doubled so that humanitarian assistance can be adequately funded , with a view not only to alleviating the devastating effects of the increasing number of natural and environmental disasters on poor nations that have taken place in recent years , but also to acting in accordance with the principle of solidarity and international integration and in keeping with the letter and the spirit of the Charter of the United Nations . For its part , Egypt has decided to send urgent humanitarian assistance to the most affected countries by using its aircraft to provide food , medical assistance , medicines , tents and blankets to the affected countries , in coordination with these countries and in accordance with their needs and priorities .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	55	Welcomes , in this regard , the accession by New Caledonia to the status of observer in the Pacific Islands Forum , continuing high-level visits to New Caledonia by delegations from countries of the Pacific region and high-level visits by delegations from New Caledonia to countries members of the Pacific Islands Forum ; Decides to keep under continuous review the process unfolding in New Caledonia as a result of the signing of the Nouméa Accord ; Also decides to continue the examination of the question of the Non-Self-Governing Territory of New Caledonia and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	34	Child labour affects a significant percentage of young children . School performance and access to education vary significantly among children from different income groups , and a large number of children and adolescents are kept in state institutions . The incidence of adolescent pregnancy is high , and 39 per cent of families abuse their children in some way .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	92	The charter is aimed , inter alia , at expanding education and aligning it with economic realities ; improving the quality of education and training ; maximizing the potential of human resources ; restructuring teaching methods ; and establishing innovative partnerships with the various actors involved . Moreover , within the framework of the economic and social development plan for 2000-2004 , which has just reached its conclusion , a national strategy to combat illiteracy has been set up that aims to gradually eliminate that scourge by the year 2015 , in keeping with the Millennium Development Goals . Morocco has made concrete contributions at the national , regional and international levels to the implementation and attainment of the objectives of the United Nations Decade for Human Rights Education , 1995-2004 .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Operation in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-ninth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Operation in Burundi ” . 46th plenary meeting 29 October 2004
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	42	The world continues to draw strength from the courage and determination of its people to reconcile their differences and build a more inclusive society . We thank the Government of South Africa for its leadership and hospitality , and we pledge to keep working with it to promote and protect all human rights and freedoms . As well , we will continue to look to the United Nations as the primary venue for discussion and action on these important issues .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	35	Money-laundering via investment-related transactions may be suspected in the following circumstances : Clients who purchase securities and store them in the safe deposit boxes of a financial institution when this appears to be not in keeping with the client 's ostensible status . Loans guaranteed by the deposits of companies that are subsidiaries of foreign financial establishments , especially if the countries concerned are known to be drug producers or large drug markets according to the list periodically issued by the Central Bank of Libya .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	26	Later we realized that the redcoats had stopped their charge at the wall . Their only hope of survival was to hold to the road and keep marching . We tumbled to a stop in Deacon Gordon 's cow hole , a low-lying bit of pasture with a muddy pool of water in its middle .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	28	( d ) Recalls paragraph 66 of its resolution 57/130 B of 11 December 2002 ; ( e ) Requests the Secretary-General , in this context , to keep the question of the equality between the six official languages on the web site under review and to submit proposals aimed at achieving full equality between the languages . Draft decision XXI Future operation of the International Research and Training Institute for the Advancement of Women
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	59	The Board is concerned that UNDP may be seen to be shifting more towards being driven by specific requirements of donors , its major source of funding ( although those requirements are related to its goals ) , and less on its objectives and mandate as established by the General Assembly and its Executive Board . The Board will keep this matter under review . Figure II.3 Comparative direct execution and programme expenditure
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	70	The Committee notes that although pension benefits are significantly higher in the Federation than in the Republika Srpska , pensioners who previously received their pensions in the Federation , but who were internally displaced to the Republika Srpska , continue to receive pensions from the Republika Srpska Pension Fund upon their return to the Federation . Furthermore , most internally displaced persons returning to their pre-armed conflict Entity of residence keep their health insurance status in the Entity where they resided while displaced because of complicated registration procedures and fear of discrimination in the places of their pre-armed conflict residence , despite the significant financial burdens imposed on them by virtue of having to commute between Entities to receive treatment or , alternatively , to bear the full costs of health services in the Entity to which they have returned ( art. 5 ( e ) ( iv ) ) . The Committee requests that the State party ensure that pension and health-care benefits are provided on a non-discriminatory basis , without regard to ethnicity , especially where minority returnees are involved .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	30	His Government had also reaffirmed the protection of human rights in all counter-terrorism measures . Its counter-terrorism strategy integrated security , law enforcement , development and human rights , in keeping with the United Nations Global Counter-Terrorism Strategy . Mr. Amil ( Pakistan ) noted that , since the adoption of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights 60 years earlier , the world had come a long way in evolving an institutional and normative human rights framework .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	26	Austria had once suggested moving the reference to sovereignty to the preamble . However , in light of the present draft articles it seems preferable to keep the text of draft article 3 in order to establish a certain balance of the rights and obligations , emphasizing that sovereignty is the fundamental rule on which the entirety of the draft articles is based so that the latter have to be interpreted accordingly . Brazil
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	70	Accordingly , we await with great interest the autonomy plan announced by the Kingdom of Morocco , and we will certainly study it carefully . Mr. Pereyra ( Peru ) ( spoke in Spanish ) : Concerning the question of Western Sahara , Peru has always maintained that it supports the efforts of the United Nations to arrive at a solution that is acceptable to the parties and is in keeping with the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations . My delegation would like to express its concern at the current deadlock in the negotiations .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	25	All of these aspects add up to a high-risk environment . In fact , it is an environment where there is not yet peace to keep . In United Nations terms , it is a phase IV security environment , where we are obliged to minimize risk for United Nations civilian staff by reducing their numbers until we are able to provide a reasonable level of security for them as they carry out their duties .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	34	The recommendation for improving planning of the budgetary process is well supported in the report . The proposal for a mid-term plan focused on a period of time closer to the present is in keeping with the changing challenges the Organization faces . Similarly , an outline of the budget , which would be detailed and briefer , combined with the mid-term plan , will undoubtedly facilitate the process of negotiating the budget and its approval .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	30	Admittedly , it is not an easy task to predict how justice will unfold . The Tribunals themselves are best placed to make the difficult and bold decisions required to keep the implementation of the completion strategies on track and to get the job done on time . We urge the Tribunals to remain vigilant in that regard .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	84	The Law specifies measures and the activities to be taken to detect and prevent money laundering . The Law also stipulates the tasks and obligations of organisations ; the tasks and powers of the administrative authority in charge of preventing money laundering ; the obligations of government authorities , of organisations having public authority , lawyers , law offices , audit firms , independent auditors and legal or physical persons providing accountancy or any other similar services ; protection and safekeeping of information and keeping of records ; surveillance and punitive sanctions provisions . As regards the obligation to report suspect financial transactions , this Law stipulates as follows :
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	52	Nuclear-weapon States should bear in mind that reductions of deployments are a positive signal but no replacement for the actual elimination of nuclear weapons . Nuclear-weapon States should implement the NPT commitments to apply the principle of irreversibility by destroying the nuclear warheads in the context of strategic nuclear reductions and avoid keeping them in a state that lends itself to their possible redeployment . While deployment reduction , and reduction of operational status , give a positive signal , it can not be a substitute for irreversible cuts and the total elimination of nuclear weapons .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	37	Sam Rayburn took unnumbered secrets with him to the grave , for he was never loquacious , and his word , once given , was not subject to retraction . It might be added that as he kept his word so he expected that others keep theirs . The demonstration of his power was never flamboyant or theatrical .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	82	In its report , the Board of Auditors commented on the use of the executive jet in UNMEE and recommended that the Mission review the need for and cost-effectiveness of utilizing an executive jet as compared with a propeller aircraft and charter flights ( see A/58/5 ( Vol. II ) , 1 paras . The Advisory Committee has commented on this issue in its general report on peacekeeping operations , in which it requests that all missions using executive jets continue to keep under review the need for and cost-effectiveness of using such aircraft . That review should be undertaken in the context of the monitoring by the missions of the configuration of their air assets in the light of changing operational needs and the mission environment , and the use of the executive jet should be fully justified .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	21	Requests the Rapporteur to report to the Special Committee in 2009 on the implementation of the present resolution ; Decides to keep the question of Puerto Rico under continuous review . Consideration of other matters
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	73	According to the Government all accused persons have the full benefit of due process of law , including appeals to the Court of Appeal of Jamaica and the right to appeal to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council . The Government underlined that the imposition of the death penalty in Jamaica is in accordance with Jamaican law , with all necessary protection of the rights of the accused and is fully in keeping with the obligations of Jamaica under international human rights instruments which accept the imposition of capital punishment . Observations
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	26	Assistant Secretaries of State will now carry an increased burden of active formulation and coordination of policies . Means must be found to enable us to keep in touch as regularly and as efficiently as possible with our colleagues in other departments concerned with foreign policy . I think we need to concern ourselves also with the timeliness of action .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	87	In those conditions the international community , which has made great efforts and has expended considerable resources to achieve this final success in Timor-Leste , must not endanger this project , which has provided independence to the people of Timor-Leste and enabled them to be integrated into the family of nations on a equal footing . Russia supports the proposal to extend for one year the activity of all three components of UNMISET , with reduced staffing , and believes that this measure is most fully in keeping with the interests of a settlement in Timor-Leste . Moreover , this is precisely what the leadership of Timor-Leste has asked the United Nations to do .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Force in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-fifth session , under the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations peacekeeping forces in the Middle East ” , the sub-item entitled “ United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon ” . 86th plenary meeting
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	24	Who decides ? Who decides how much can be repaid , how much protection the poor should get and what investments are needed to keep the country going ? So far , creditors alone decide reductions with dire consequences for debtors .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	26	The Security Council only authorized ICTR to use four ad litem judges . However , during its deliberations , the Security Council indicated that it would keep this matter under review . On 25 June 2003 , the General Assembly elected 18 ad litem judges .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	83	We have initiated changes when necessary in our development policies , including in programmes and in institutional and organizational frameworks. This has been done in order to support the strategy of integrating population issues into all development planning policies and programmes as envisaged in the ICPD Programme of Action . We are fully conscious of the need not to link population policies and programmes to demographic goals and targets , but rather to place population concerns at the heart of sustainable development in keeping with ICPD goals . Malaysia 's current population programmes have been revised in accordance with the thematic areas of concern and priorities of the country and in line with the ICPD Programme of Action : population , family development and reproductive health in the context of social equitability , poverty alleviation and environmentally sound development .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	40	The Islamic Republic of Mauritania wishes to express once again its full solidarity with the brotherly Palestinian people and with the symbol of their struggle , President Arafat . We call upon the Council to adopt measures that are in keeping with its responsibilities and with the needs of the situation , which brooks no further delay . The President ( spoke in Russian ) : The next speaker is the representative of the United Arab Emirates .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	90	By its resolution 56/88 of 12 December 2001 , the General Assembly reaffirmed the mandate of the Ad Hoc Committee established by General Assembly resolution 51/210 of 17 December 1996 . The Ad Hoc Committee held its sixth session from 28 January to 1 February 2002 to continue the elaboration of a draft comprehensive convention on international terrorism , with appropriate time allocated to the continued consideration of outstanding issues relating to the elaboration of a draft international convention for the suppression of acts of nuclear terrorism , and to keep on its agenda the question of convening a high-level conference under the auspices of the United Nations to formulate a joint organized response of the international community to terrorism in all its forms and manifestations.50 The work of the Ad Hoc Committee is expected to continue during the fifty-seventh session of the General Assembly , within the framework of a working group of the Sixth Committee .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	117	I am writing to follow up on my report on the United Nations Operation in Côte d'Ivoire ( UNOCI ) of 3 January 2006 ( S/2006/2 ) , in which I requested the Security Council to approve an increase in the Operation 's strength by four battalions , three formed police units and 100 police officers , in order to enhance the mission 's capacity to protect itself and to effectively support the implementation of the remaining tasks under the peace agreements , which are critical to the organization of the elections in October 2006 . In its resolution 1652 ( 2006 ) , the Security Council took note of my report and expressed its intention to keep under review the tasks and troop levels of UNOCI , and specifically to review them when the Council considers my forthcoming report on the United Nations Mission in Liberia ( UNMIL ) , taking into account the situations in both Côte d'Ivoire and Liberia . In that regard , I would like to bring to the attention of the Council recent developments in the political process in Côte d'Ivoire which , in my view , call for a reinforcement of UNOCI beyond the interim arrangements under which the Security Council approved the temporary emergency transfer of one infantry company from UNMIL to UNOCI .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	65	How often have I looked to Jesus when entering the sick room , asking for His presence and help in my professional duties as I give my talents not only as the world giveth but as one who loves the Saviour and His creatures . Looking unto God , the Prophet Isaiah wrote these blessed words almost three thousand years ago : `` Thou wilt keep him in perfect peace , whose mind is stayed on thee : because he trusteth in thee '' . Are you longing for peace in your heart ?
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	78	With an estimated $ 6.8 billion pledged to the tsunami emergency , representing roughly half of the total reconstruction needs of all affected countries , the focus is therefore not on raising more money for recovery but on the implementation of the recovery plans . The recovery effort will also benefit from the efforts of the Global Consortium , convened by former President Clinton , which has been given the task of following up on recovery plans , keeping the momentum of reconstruction high and working with Governments to deal with the difficult policy and operational issues that typically stall recovery . The development of a common financial tracking database that aims to capture all forms of assistance , including official aid , NGO support and private sector contributions in one coherent system , will also facilitate recovery planning and implementation .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	19	Those talks should at least take place concurrently . Sudan has a history of talks forestalled and promises not kept . Completion of the Naivasha talks would prove that it makes sense to negotiate and that peace negotiations can indeed produce results .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	59	In the framework of regulating civil associations and public interest organizations , the State enacted a law to define the rules on the establishment of these associations , the methods by which they are administered and their overall functions , together with the condition of membership and the duties and rights of members . The Act requires associations to keep records and books , in particular income and expenditure accounts , supported by documentary proof . Federal Social Security Act No. 2 of 2001
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	40	Global responsibility implicitly involves some form of moral commitment to human welfare . It is the formulation of economic programmes designed to bring about economic redistribution , to safeguard against economic crises and to formulate developmental policies that are in keeping with environmental protection and sustainability . The United Nations should be strengthened to play a more central role in development , ensuring equity and security for its small , vulnerable Members like Saint Lucia against the greed of profit-driven Powers .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	45	At that meeting , we agreed that this issue is vital for our countries . In addition , we shared experiences , best practices and lessons learned in order to be able to take a comprehensive approach leading to the establishment of migration arrangements in keeping with the policies of the countries of origin , transit and destination and focusing actions on ensuring the well-being , security , integrity , development and protection of the human person . I should now like to speak briefly in my capacity as President Pro Tempore of the Regional Conference on Migration .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	80	In respect of exceptions to air travel authorized during the period from 1 July 1999 to 30 June 2000 owing to the circumstances described in paragraph 5 above , the present report provides , in annexes I to V , detailed information on the additional cost of and reasons for such exceptions . On 18 March 1998 , the Secretary-General decided , as an exception , that all travel of the Deputy Secretary-General should be in first class , in keeping with her special status. As regards practical arrangements , efforts first are made to obtain upgrades to first class against payment of the full business-class fare . Where this is not feasible , the first-class fare is paid .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	98	With regard to the provision of services related to official travel , visas , transportation , shipment and insurance , this programme component will promote close cooperation with the travel units of other Vienna-based organizations ( VBOs ) to achieve a reduction of travel costs through jointly negotiated agreements with travel agents and airlines , and to increase the quality of travel services . With regard to the management of UNIDO 's archives and registry records , this programme component will provide advisory and operational services related to the Organization 's document retention polices , the archiving and keeping of retired files in digital and hard copy format , the distribution of official correspondence addressed to UNIDO , and the digitization of official documents to be stored in electronic form in UNIDO 's computerized documents management system ARCHIVISTA . Steps will also be taken to assist in the further customization of ARCHIVISTA in accordance with UNIDO 's specific requirements .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	65	In his comments , counsel points out that the author has been a victim of discrimination for the past seven years , and that the abolition of the partner pass as of 1 September 1999 does not affect this . Moreover , counsel points out that abolishing the partner scheme has no consequences for the present owners of the partner 's pass since they can keep it and continue using it . According to counsel , if the author had been granted her pass when she requested it , she would now be allowed to continue using it .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	64	Recent developments in the United Nations Mission in Sierra Leone unfortunately reflect a trend towards the regionalization of such operations in Africa , and this can not help but have an adverse affect on Africa and , as a consequence , on international peace and security . African States have shown their willingness to fully assume their responsibilities by taking an important part in keeping the peace on the continent , as evidenced by the most recent discussions between Ethiopia and Eritrea , which took place last week in Algiers . However , it is obvious that the requirements of such a commitment can not be met by the means and capacities available to African countries .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	32	The Group only had time to investigate the site of Lubumbashi . During this visit , it became apparent that , although the site was designated , there were no specific records kept on any of the firearms imported . The Group met with the Commander of the 6th Military Region , who is responsible for supplying Katanga province with its military supply needs .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	52	I hope that the Main Committees will continue the effort they demonstrated in the fifty-fourth session in concluding their work on time . I wish to recall and underline that all meetings must start punctually at 10 a.m. and at 3 p.m. , and I personally intend to ensure that we all keep to our commitment taken today . This undertaking also applies to the Secretariat , which must ensure that all documentation in all languages is available on time so that meetings can proceed without any delay .
keep%2:31:00::	keep.v	43	Article 13 ( 3 ) of the Travel Agency Law stipulates that travel agents are prohibited from getting involved in their tourists ' conduct and receiving services which violate the local laws or ordinances of their destinations . The Government has guided and kept close watch over the operation of travel agencies with the aim of keeping the overseas travel of Japanese tourists sound by urging them to strictly abide by all pertinent laws and ordinances . In addition , travel agency associations have continued making independent efforts such as educating employees of travel agencies through various forms of training .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	37	Other poverty-reduction steps that benefited women were being implemented through community-based initiatives . Countering the phenomenon of violence against women and children required challenging cultural beliefs and practices , including the view that such matters should be kept in the private domain . Civil society had already taken the lead to move the issue into the public domain .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	78	In this context , the Secretary-General issued a directive applicable to the entire United Nations system in March 2006 , requesting all offices and agencies to update and test their crisis preparedness and contingency plans by June 2006 . This crisis planning and preparedness exercise is designed to ensure that the agencies and offices of the United Nations system will be able to respond to programme countries ' needs by maintaining their capacities to conduct critical business , keep operating systems running and protect the health and well-being of their staff . Within UNICEF , this means ensuring that the organization has the capacity to fulfil its commitments to children .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	35	I should like to stress once again that approximately 99 per cent of the children of Kazakhstan are covered by compulsory primary education and that there is no gender disparity in education levels . In keeping with the recommendation made by the Committee on the Rights of the Child in response to Kazakhstan 's initial report under the Convention , the Government of Kazakhstan has established a committee on child protection within the Ministry of Education and Science . Our national human rights plan ensures the inclusion of children 's rights as a subject in school and university curricula .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	29	To date , Nepal has contributed nearly 45 , 000 troops , and we are currently the eleventh largest troop contributor . Our military personnel and police have helped keep the peace in Asia , Africa and Europe with impeccable professionalism , and 41 of our brave young men have lost their lives in their tour of duty . Our stake in an improved peacekeeping environment is therefore high .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	26	Girls already have demonstrated the will , energy , creativity and endurance to improve their lives . Governments must commit the will and the resources to keep their promises made at Beijing . It is common knowledge that education is the single most effective intervention that can propel girls out of poverty and enable them to gain the skills and capacities to develop to their full potential .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	94	And finally , existing approaches tend to be more applicable to developing countries than to post-conflict countries , as those approaches involve lengthy processes that are not tailored to situations where the road map for political and institutional change is often set out in a negotiated and time-limited peace agreement . In seeking to address those challenges , the international community might reconsider whether it is always realistic to seek to rebuild , reform or restructure a country 's defence , police , courts and penal system while simultaneously seeking to re-establish security , keep the political process on track , facilitate the return of displaced populations , conduct elections and restore basic services . In some cases , it may be appropriate to start early on complex tasks such as rebuilding courts and training police so that we do not miss the window of opportunity for action .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	36	Support was also noted for the principles that have served the Intersessional Programme well to date , particularly the informal nature of the process . With respect to new Co-Rapporteurs , it was noted that in keeping with past practice , the Co-Chairs , with a view to identifying a list of nominees , had undertaken consultations with interested States Parties . It was reported that these consultations - which had been undertaken with the aim of ensuring a regional balance , a balance between mine-affected and donor States Parties and between the need for rotation and the need for continuity - were ongoing and that a list of nominations would be presented to all States Parties as soon as possible , for consideration at the 4MSP .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	11	Keeping standards implementation on track It will require great effort to keep the standards implementation process on track . There will be a risk that attention will be focused on status to the detriment of standards .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	70	With regard to the “ representativeness ” of the forum , as with other United Nations subsidiary bodies , any policy recommended by the forum would need to be endorsed by the higher bodies of the United Nations , in this case by the Economic and Social Council and the General Assembly . It should be possible , therefore , to have a legitimate and fairly representative forum and to keep it small enough to operate effectively and economically . Moreover , in the transitional period , the forum could maintain its current membership .
keep%2:31:00::	keep.v	31	After protest marches and clashes between Fatah and Hamas supporters over the weekend , efforts are under way to ease tensions between the Hamas-led Government and Fatah . We shall be keeping a close watch on the evolution of the novel , ongoing Palestinian experiment in cohabitation . The political strife , non-payment of salaries , military pressure and closure make for a potent and volatile brew .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-ninth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo ” . 91st plenary meeting 13 April 2005
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	87	The minimum salary valorization policy , as a concern of the State and not only of the Government , resulted in its incorporation into the budgetary instruments . In principle , it seeks to offset the inflation accumulated in the period , and reflects the economy 's productivity growth as measured by the per capita Gross Domestic Product , although the readjustment percent can be increased through negotiation between representatives of workers and employers and the Government , always within the limits imposed by the need to keep public accounts under control . This practice has allowed a valorization of the minimum salary in real terms , of about 25 % , between April 2002 and April 2006 , five percent points above the increase achieved in the previous four years , with no substantial change in the number of workers that receive less than the minimum salary .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	34	A firearms dealer entitled to trade on , manufacture , repair or convert firearms is obliged to keep a file of the firearms . The police examines at least once a year the files kept by the firearms dealers , as well as their bookkeeping , stores and storage facilities Planned action
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	55	Welcomes , in this regard , the accession by New Caledonia to the status of observer in the Pacific Islands Forum , continuing high-level visits to New Caledonia by delegations from countries of the Pacific region and high-level visits by delegations from New Caledonia to countries members of the Pacific Islands Forum ; Decides to keep under continuous review the process unfolding in New Caledonia as a result of the signing of the Nouméa Accord ; Draft decision
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	42	The Secretariat was of course always seeking greater efficiency : for example , under the last two budgets it had achieved a reduction of half a dozen or so posts in the Accounts Division . The Division 's work was basically to keep the Organization 's books . He would provide full details of its activities in writing in informal consultations .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	53	We should bear in mind that this is a classic operation of keeping the peace between two regular armies , as distinct from some other operations that have been undertaken in Africa by the United Nations . In his report of 9 August , the Secretary-General proposes a clear-cut mandate that is in keeping with the nature of the operation ahead of us . We support his conclusions and we again express our willingness to work with the requisite urgency .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	75	The only change to subparagraph ( b ) was made by means of a Polish amendment inserting the word “ only ” after the word “ authorizes ” , which was accepted by the Drafting Committee of the Vienna Conference “ in the interest of greater clarity ” . This innocuous appearance must not obscure the vast practical implications of this amendment , which actually reverses the presumption made by the Commission and , in keeping with the Eastern countries ' persistent desire to facilitate as much as possible the formulation of reservations , offers the possibility of doing so even when the negotiators have taken the precaution of expressly indicating the provisions in respect of which a reservation is permitted . However , this amendment does not exempt a reservation which is neither expressly permitted nor implicitly prohibited from the requirement to observe the criterion of compatibility with the object and purpose of the treaty .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	25	Legislative and regulatory framework Parties to the Basel and Stockholm conventions should examine national controls , standards and procedures to ensure that they are in keeping with the conventions and with their obligations under them , including those which pertain to ESM of wastes consisting of , containing or contaminated with PCDDs , PCDFs , HCB and PCBs. Elements of a regulatory framework applicable to PCDDs , PCDFs , HCB and PCBs could also include the following : ( a ) Environmental protection legislation establishing a regulatory regime , setting release limits and mandating environmental quality criteria ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	50	It had also been agreed that a more robust roster system , elimination of complex eligibility rules and the streamlined creation of vacancy announcements could be effective in accelerating the staff placement process . Those reforms must , however , meet the highest standards of transparency and fairness , in keeping with the core principles of the United Nations . In that connection , the staff reiterated their call for the central review bodies to have a more active and meaningful place in the selection system .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	64	That is why we must not subordinate the development role of the United Nations to any other it has to play on the world stage . That means that the development agenda of the United Nations , and in particular the achievement of the Millennium Development Goals ( MDGs ) , must be accorded priority and carefully attended to in order to win and keep the peace . This being 2007 , we are at the halfway point of the period set for the achievement of the MDGs .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	69	Through “ window 3 ” of HURIST , a series of workshops is foreseen , to be held at the regional , subregional or national level with the participation of representatives of States that are not parties to most of the principal treaties . The workshops would aim at enabling in-depth discussion among participants on the obstacles to ratification and formulation of concrete strategies to overcome them , in keeping with the request of the 1993 World Conference on Human Rights for the Secretary-General to initiate a dialogue with non-States parties . In addition , the High Commissioner for Human Rights has been working to elaborate a regional strategy for each major geographic region .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	63	The Supreme Court considered that the 10-year prescription period had been interrupted by the submission in March 1988 of a criminal complaint against any individual who might in the course of the investigation prove to have participated in the activities of the GAL . In the opinion of the authors , this interpretation of the interruption of the prescription period was not in keeping with the Criminal Code , which stipulates that interruption takes effect when there is an investigation into the offender . According to the authors , this happened only in February 1995 , 11 years after the incident , when for the first time they were identified and cited as defendants .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	23	A compensatory fund would have intervened from 1997 to 2004 for a total of $ 580 million . This might have helped to keep farmers operating , and they would have been in a position to benefit from better prices already in 2000 . In this case , one can assume that exports would have been higher already in 2000 , and this would have probably limited the loss of income in the following years and thus the amounts to be compensated .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	36	A partial solution to the problem of the Spokesperson having to “ reinvent the wheel ” each year would be to have an assistant allocated to that office on a permanent basis . The assistant would keep permanent files and records that would ensure that key information gets passed on from one year to the next and thereby provide institutional memory , continuity and effective support for the Spokesperson . It would be desirable to augment the office of the President of the General Assembly with a senior General Service post to be assigned as information assistant to the Spokesperson for the President .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	39	We hereby decide to adopt four-year programmes which , we hope , will boost efforts to renew multilateral francophone cooperation so as to make it more streamlined , efficient and visible . We call on the competent authorities to keep these matters under review until the Ouagadougou Summit so that , at that point , we may adopt a strategy for the period 2004-2013 and draw all the conclusions needed to formulate four-year programmes . Viet Nam and Laos draw attention to their reservations regarding article 2 , paragraph 5 , and article 5 , paragraph 3 , of the Bamako Declaration .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	68	Several delegations said that the article was important , but that they would prefer it to be worded identically to article 3 of the Convention against Torture , which used the term “ substantial grounds ” and did not refer to humanitarian law in its paragraph 2 . Other delegations said that article 21 was welcome as it stood , especially in view of the inclusion , in keeping with the course of development of public international law , of the reference to humanitarian law . One delegation considered that the wording of article 21 should take into account the question of the definition of enforced disappearance .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	66	Acting under Chapter VII of the Charter of the United Nations , Reaffirms once again its support for the Peace Agreement , as well as for the Dayton Agreement on implementing the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina of 10 November 1995 ( S/1995/1021 , annex ) , calls upon the parties to comply strictly with their obligations under those Agreements , and expresses its intention to keep the implementation of the Peace Agreement , and the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina , under review ; Expresses its support for the declarations of the Ministerial meetings of the Peace Implementation Conference ;
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	59	A suggestion was also made that the bracketed text “ [ a jurisdiction or ] ” should be deleted in its entirety from draft article 81 bis , since jurisdiction clauses were not common in the non-liner industry , and the intention of the proposal was to preserve the status quo . Other views were expressed in favour of keeping the text and deleting only the square brackets . “ The carrier may demand arbitration proceedings pursuant to the terms of the arbitration agreement only if the person asserting the claim against a carrier institutes court proceedings in a place specified in the arbitration agreement. ”
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	45	In the view of her delegation there was no direct link between the financial crisis which had plagued the Organization for many years and the existing peacekeeping scale . The current system , based on the principle of capacity to pay , was fully in keeping with the spirit of the Charter and had proven effective over time . She called on all Member States , the major contributor in particular , to demonstrate political will by fulfilling their financial obligations under the Charter .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	53	In the event that a customer is a legal entity , the identification mentioned in paragraph I of this article shall include the individuals who are legally authorized to represent it as well as its owners . The reference files and records mentioned in paragraphs I and II of this article shall be kept during a minimum period of five years , counted from the date the account is closed or the date the transaction is concluded . The competent authorities may decide , at their own discretion , to extend this period of time .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	52	Mandate In its resolution 63/221 of 19 December 2008 , entitled “ Implementation of the outcome of the United Nations Conference on Human Settlements ( Habitat II ) and strengthening of the United Nations Human Settlements Programme ( UN-Habitat ) ” , the General Assembly invited the Governing Council of UN-Habitat to keep under review developments in housing finance in view of the current financial crisis and further decided to explore the possibility of convening a high-level event of the General Assembly on the subject . ( a ) To highlight the short- and long-term implications of the current economic crisis and climate change for the financing of affordable housing and infrastructure and related policy efforts ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	48	For example , Finland on 1 April 1985 , upon acceding to the 1993 Protocol on Road Markings , additional to the European Agreement supplementing the Convention on Road Signs and Signals of 1968 , formulated a reservation to a technical provision of the instrument . “ In keeping with the practice followed in similar cases , the Secretary-General proposed to receive the modification in question for deposit in the absence of any objection on the part of any of the Contracting States , either to the deposit itself or to the procedure envisaged . None of the Contracting Parties to the Protocol having notified the Secretary-General of an objection within a period of 90 days from the date of its circulation ( on 20 December 1995 ) , the said modification was accepted for deposit upon the expiration of the above-stipulated 90-day period , that is , on 19 March 1996. ”
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	39	The Committee was advised that data for 2003 , with a two-year time lag , were available for 105 countries , and that those data were generally more reliable . The Committee was advised that the situation would be kept under review in the light of data availability in future . The Committee recommended that the scale of assessments for the period 2007-2009 should be based on the most current , comprehensive and comparable data available for GNI .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	57	Refugees Urges States to comply with their obligations under international human rights , refugee and humanitarian law relating to refugees , asylum-seekers and displaced persons , and urges the international community to provide them with protection and assistance in an equitable manner and with due regard to their needs in different parts of the world , in keeping with principles of international solidarity , burden-sharing and international cooperation , to share responsibilities ; Calls upon States to recognize the racism , racial discrimination , xenophobia and related intolerance that refugees may face as they endeavour to engage in the life of the societies of their host countries and encourages States , in accordance with their international obligations and commitments , to develop strategies to address this discrimination and to facilitate the full enjoyment of the human rights of refugees. States parties should ensure that all measures relating to refugees must be in full accordance with the 1951 Convention relating to the Status of Refugees and its 1967 Protocol ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	45	These reports fostered a public debate on human rights , demonstrating that the peace process was opening political space in the country . The Mission also set up a trust fund to support technical assistance programmes with national justice and human rights institutions , in keeping with its mandate to cooperate with national entities for the effective protection and promotion of human rights . MINUGUA relied heavily on the United Nations Volunteers ( UNV ) programme throughout the life of the Mission .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	50	In conclusion , he emphasized the importance of the Repertory of Practice of United Nations Organs as a repository of institutional memory . Mr. Dieng ( Senegal ) said that the application of sanctions must be predicated on the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations and be in keeping with the standards and principles of international law . The sanctions should be targeted and so designed as to limit any possible impact on civilian populations and third States ; they should be a last resort and only be imposed after exhaustion of all peaceful means provided for in the Charter .
keep%2:31:00::	keep.v	66	In his view , the question of bonded labour was very delicate , since any attempt to dismantle the system meant attacking the very social , economic and political fabric of the country . The representative of India said that the presence of a large number of non-governmental organizations in his country showed civil society 's determination and commitment to combating a phenomenon which was also kept under close scrutiny by his country 's Government . He said his Government was clearly and firmly committed to the eradication of bonded labour , while pointing out that bonded labour originated in the social system inherited by India at independence and was rooted in poverty and illiteracy .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	42	Through his skill and tireless efforts , the Director-General had transformed UNIDO into a new and dynamic organization with a clear vision of its role in the twenty-first century . His delegation hoped that the Director-General would conduct a consistent policy in keeping with the relevant decisions of the Organization , as a contribution to creating a fairer world , especially for the developing countries , and promoting a spirit of harmony and international cooperation . Mr. TOUQ ( Observer for Jordan ) , speaking on behalf of the Asian Group , congratulated the Director-General on his election and hoped that he would continue his successful leadership of UNIDO in the interests of all Member States .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	41	As proof of this , the results of the Council 's mission to the Great Lakes region — which we at home call the Levitte mission — were greatly appreciated by our people . The promises the Council made have been kept . The reopening of the riverine network for humanitarian aid and trade between Kinshasa and Kisangani is now a reality .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	38	New confidence has emerged testifying that this objective is within reach , provided that the political resolve and positive spirit of cooperation will prevail , particularly in the Doha negotiating process . In this respect , UNCTAD will keep and strengthen its important role in facilitating consensus on the international trading system in respect of development convergence and solidarity and in accordance with the São Paulo Consensus . Notes
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	45	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of assistance programmes to the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations decisions relating to decolonization , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly ,
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	13	`` I 'm just logging '' , the cowboy explained . `` I keep all these plays in this little black book , and I watch over a twelve-hour period to find out what numbers are repeating . But roulette 's not my game .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	45	Paragraph 2 had been amended , however , and its scope expanded so as to permit persons other than those referred to in paragraph 1 to act on behalf of the State and to engage it at the international level . That text was in keeping with the specificity of unilateral acts and departed from the corresponding provision of the 1969 Vienna Convention . The point was to take account of the need to build confidence and security in international relations , although it might be thought that , on the contrary , such a provision might have the opposite effect .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	36	Specific obligations The carrier shall during the period of its responsibility as defined in article 12 , and subject to article 27 , properly and carefully receive , load , handle , stow , carry , keep , care for , unload and deliver the goods . Notwithstanding paragraph 1 of this article , and without prejudice to the other provisions in chapter 4 and to chapters 5 to 7 , the parties may agree that the loading , handling , stowing or unloading of the goods is to be performed by the shipper , the documentary shipper or the consignee .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	31	The EU reiterates that the Road Map is unambiguous in that regard . The EU is firmly committed to remaining actively involved in order to support the parties ' efforts to keep the negotiations on track , working closely with other members of the Quartet and partners in the region . The EU remains determined to contribute significantly to this effort , as laid down in its Action Strategy , “ State-building for Peace in the Middle East ” , which covers the broad range of its assistance activities .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	37	We feel that , for now , the programme known as oil for food should continue . We also fully subscribe to the Secretary-General 's appeal to the conflicting parties to respect the civilian population , in keeping with international humanitarian law . We agree that , until such time as the United Nations is in a position to act , the exigencies of the circumstances demand that the humanitarian assistance required be provided by the entities that exert control over the affected areas .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	95	In 2007 a start was made on the holding of regular public hearings on environmental problems in all the regions ; they are attended by representatives of akimats and maslikhats , users of natural resources , and voluntary organizations . More than 10 , 000 persons have been involved in this exercise , which has led to the establishment of a dialogue between the people and users of natural resources , the introduction of local monitoring and the production of impact reports , and measures to encourage the work of environmental NGOs , all in keeping with the provisions of the Orchus Convention . This year the Ministry is completing its work on the certification of the central machinery in accordance with the international environmental management standards contained in ISO 14001 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	75	The amendment submitted by the Jamahiriya accords with the general spirit of the discussions that took place during the previous session of the Special Committee , especially those held during the consideration of the revised working paper submitted by the Russian Federation entitled “ Basic conditions and standard criteria for the introduction of sanctions and other coercive measures and their implementation ” ( A/55/33 , paragraph 50 ) . The amendment is also generally in keeping with the views expressed in the discussion of the items relating to the maintenance of international peace and security and assistance to third States affected by the application of sanctions ( A/55/33 , paragraphs 37 and 38 ) . The Libyan amendment relates to three issues :
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	41	As at 1 December 2004 , the total strength of the UNMEE military component stood at 3 , 889 , comprising 3 , 576 troops , 100 headquarters staff officers and 213 military observers ( see annex II ) . In keeping with Security Council resolution 1560 ( 2004 ) , the redeployment of the Kenyan infantry battalion , which has been operating in Sector East with a strength of 556 personnel , is under way . Repatriation of that battalion is due for completion by the end of January 2005 .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	57	( d ) provide for regular review of police detention . The position is that , in 1998-99 , the Police , the Immigration Department , the Customs and Excise Department , and the Independent Commission Against Corruption instituted a system whereby designated Custody Officers and Review Officers ensure the proper treatment of persons in detention and keep the need for their further detention under continuous review . The recommendation concerning a statutory time limit on the length of detention without charge is under consideration .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	28	NATO countries that took part in the military action against the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia should assume the relevant costs . The Security Council should also continue to keep under its review all aspects of the situation in Kosovo and the activities of the international presence in the region . We understand that the new leadership of UNMIK and Mr. Hans Haekkerup need time to look at the situation locally and determine priorities for their activities .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	45	During its eighty-eighth , eighty-ninth and ninetieth sessions , the Committee held nine Bureau meetings ( three per session ) , with interpretation . Pursuant to the decision taken at the seventy-first session , the Bureau records its decisions in formal minutes , which are kept as a record of all decisions taken . Special rapporteurs
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	46	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of programmes of assistance for the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations decisions relating to decolonization , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly ,
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	106	Reaffirms that any act of enforced disappearance is an offence to human dignity and a grave and flagrant violation of the human rights and fundamental freedoms proclaimed in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights1 and reaffirmed and developed in other international instruments in this field , as well as a violation of the rules of international law ; and that no State shall practise , permit or tolerate enforced disappearances as proclaimed in the Declaration on the Protection of All Persons from Enforced Disappearances ; Urges all Governments to take appropriate legislative or other steps to prevent and suppress the practice of enforced disappearances , in keeping with the Declaration , and to take action to that end at the national and regional levels and in cooperation with the United Nations , including through the provision of technical assistance ; Calls upon Governments to take steps to ensure that , when a state of emergency is introduced , the protection of human rights is ensured , in particular with regard to the prevention of enforced disappearances ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	49	Switzerland stated that it is vital that anyone suspected of having committed a serious crime should be brought to court in order to be tried . With regard to the penal procedures concerning the crimes committed during the dictatorship , Switzerland underlined the importance that the procedures were in keeping with the principles of fair trial and rapidity . It was vital that these criminal procedures should not be pointlessly slowed down , for if they were delayed this might lead to people escaping a verdict .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	58	In this context , and with respect to the rights of indigenous women , various health services in the country have been conducting local experiments to humanize childbirth and care for the newborn and the mother by drawing upon the traditional knowledge of indigenous culture . For example , there is a consistent demand among Aymara women to keep to traditional childbirth methods in a community setting , where they can be surrounded by a protective and emotionally supportive family environment that is obviously lacking in institutional childbirth . In Iquique , Aymara women can now choose to be assisted by a traditional midwife in preparation for childbirth , if they so choose , at the Casa de la Familia Altiplánica , which is administered by an Aymara organization under contract to the Health Services .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	19	Can we create a similar perspective for the people in Darfur ? It seems that the ceasefire is being kept by the parties . The AU force has helped to establish greater stability .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	28	We put a light mulch over the seedlings ; now we must use a heavy one . Three inches of porous material will do a good job of keeping weeds down and the soil moist and cool . When winter comes be ready with additional mulch .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	56	We hope also that the positive trend noted during the municipal elections on 8 April last will continue in November . At any rate , during the pre-electoral period we must not tolerate any incitement to violence by the political parties or any advocacy of changes in the structure of the State that are not in keeping with the Dayton Accords . There must be no tolerance either for any attacks on freedom of the press .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	27	We welcome the intention of other countries to assist us in that matter . We do so with humility , knowing that there is more peace to keep and to build in the world today , and that we have acquired competence to offer to humanity . Peace and security initiatives have undergone a number of reviews recently to benefit peacekeeping operations .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	23	( d ) Recalls paragraph 66 of its resolution 57/___ ; ( e ) Requests the Secretary-General , in this context , to keep the question of the equality between the six official languages on the web site under review and to submit proposals aimed at achieving full equality between the languages . A/57/7/Add.2 .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	39	The Kingdom of Bahrain realizes that Lebanon , today , faces great challenges that require concerted international efforts by the United Nations , the European Union and all influential Powers . Such efforts must be aimed not solely at keeping the peace but also at rebuilding and reviving the economy with the help of the Lebanese Government and people , so that Lebanon can participate once again , as it has done through the centuries , in the cultural and economic development of the Middle East and the world at large . In this regard , the recent Stockholm Conference was a step in the right direction .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	46	We should not let that technical decrease be used by sceptics to obfuscate the underlying 30 per cent increase of aid since Monterrey in 2002 . Nevertheless , despite that trend , we know that collectively , as a global donor community , we need to keep our promises and redouble our efforts . All donors face budgetary pressures and competing domestic priorities .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	70	Urges States to comply with their obligations under international human rights , labour , refugee and humanitarian law , including very helpful interpretations thereof , relating to non-citizens , including refugees , asylum-seekers , stateless persons and trafficked persons ; Urges the international community to provide non-citizens with protection and assistance in an equitable manner and with due regard to their needs in different parts of the world , in keeping with the principles of international solidarity , burden-sharing and international cooperation ; Calls upon States to take actions , consistent with the principles of freedom of expression and prohibition of advocacy of national , racial or religious hatred , to counter any tendency to target , stigmatize , stereotype , or profile members of particular population groups , such as non-citizens , by officials , the media and society at large ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	50	The State has been working hard to enlarge the Programme budget progressively , and has increased it by 187 per cent during this Administration . Work has been going on for years on the development of standards and a culture for public servants and society which will guarantee action in keeping with the role played by human rights defenders in a democracy . The Government 's policy has been to guarantee the exercise of all freedoms and to remain in communication with all sectors of society .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	126	During the period under review , the United Nations Monitoring , Verification and Inspection Commission continued its preparations for the full range of activities envisaged for it by the Security Council. However , to date , Iraq has yet to accept Security Council resolution 1284 ( 1999 ) , and thus UNMOVIC has not been able to carry out its work in Iraq . The Executive Chairman has submitted four reports on the activities of UNMOVIC to the Security Council during this period ( S/2000/835 , S/2000/1134 , S/2001/177 and S/2001/515 ) . The reports have been presented to the Council in oral briefings by the Executive Chairman during informal consultations. The Chairman also provided monthly briefings to successive Presidents of the Security Council and has kept the Secretary-General informed on the work of UNMOVIC . The analysis will also aid the Commission in its identification of the key remaining disarmament tasks as part of a work programme to be implemented in Iraq , once operations begin there. In their work , the Commission 's experts have been able to draw upon the large archive of material taken over from the former Special Commission .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	61	The developing countries were aware that responsibility for that effort was first and foremost theirs , but they could not carry it on without greater official development assistance , elimination of trade barriers , liberalization of trade , opening of developed country markets , stabilization of commodity prices and debt relief . Furthermore , the leaders of the rich countries must keep the promises they made at the Monterrey Conference on Financing for Development and at the Johannesburg World Summit on Sustainable Development to increase assistance , which was essential for the sustainable economic development of the poor countries . The decision to establish a world solidarity fund for poverty eradication was an encouraging initiative in that it reflected the spirit of cooperation which must guide the struggle against that scourge .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	34	`` Why , Winston '' , she 'd cry , `` I just now saw you eating it out of the jar '' ! But he knew how important it was for her to keep her figure . In the kitchen , Leona , his little young wife , was reading the morning paper .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	9	Now , we need to be strong . To keep going and face up to the most pessimistic forecasts which warn us of the failure of the Millennium Development Goals . We have made the diagnosis , we are aware that the policies we have encouraged in recent decades have not fulfilled our expectations .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	38	We note that this policy is already beginning to bear fruit , as shown by the reduction in the number of projects . The Union would like to encourage the Agency to persevere with this policy and to keep using all of the resources of modern management methods to continuously monitor the progress of projects in accordance with their objectives . We look forward with great interest to the text of the draft resolution that is soon to be presented by Australia .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	46	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of programmes of assistance to the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations resolutions and decisions relating to decolonization , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly ,
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	68	The immediate effect of this development was to expand the crisis into the eastern part of the former Zaire by placing near the western borders of Rwanda tens of thousands of former soldiers of the Forces armées rwandaises and Interahamwe militiamen , bent upon invading Rwanda , overthrowing the Rwandan Patriotic Front ( RPF ) regime there and finishing the genocide . As these armed contingents continued to keep the refugees hostage in the refugee camps and the international community was not willing to take the action necessary to disarm and dislodge these armed génocidaires , the RPA itself invaded eastern Congo and emptied the camps . In the process , not only did the rebels flee further into the Congo , but many thousands of Hutu civilians were killed .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	39	For renewable natural resources , this principle is well established and is also expressed in other terms , such as “ optimal utilization ” and “ sustainable utilization ” . It means that the renewable natural resource must be kept at the level that would provide the maximum sustainable yield ( MSY ) . For marine living resources , article 119 , paragraph 1 ( a ) , of UNCLOS and almost all fishery agreements uphold the MSY principle .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	46	“ Beginning in 1975 , the `Transnational Radical Party ' became involved in the illegal distribution of narcotics . We would like to know what channels are used in obtaining or producing the narcotics that the `Transnational Radical Party ' has distributed , where they are kept , and the names of those persons who were involved in obtaining , producing and storing the narcotics . “ It is the view of the `Transnational Radical Party ' that the prohibition of all narcotics is a crime `against humanity ' .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	39	Despite the prevalence of conflicts , positive developments are occurring in several countries in post-conflict situations , changing the gloomy picture sometimes presented of the continent to the world . We are pleased that the Security Council has regularly kept on its agenda the consideration of post-conflict situations in those countries . The African Group welcomes in particular the Security Council 's adoption of a presidential statement ( S/PRST/2007/42 ) on its relations with regional organizations in matters relating to the maintenance of international peace and security .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	29	A study group has been formed with a view of studying the relevant conventions on terrorism . ( f-g ) Our principled stand concerning refugees and asylum-seekers is in keeping with the requirement contained in paragraph 3 ( f , g ) of resolution 1373 ( 2001 ) . Forty-eighth session
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	78	No further information had been received since then , although , in the context of its request for exemption under Article 19 in 2006 , the representative of the Central African Republic indicated that the issue of the payment of arrears to the United Nations was under consideration by his Government . The Committee also recalled that , in the context of its request for exemption under Article 19 in 2004 , Guinea-Bissau had indicated that it would keep the issue of multi-year payment plans under continuous consideration and , as the country 's situation normalized , would establish such a plan as a matter of priority . In the context of its request for exemption under Article 19 in 2005 , Guinea-Bissau indicated that it would keep the issue of multi-year payment plans under continuous consideration and , as the country 's situation normalized , would establish such a plan as a matter of priority and inform the General Assembly accordingly .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	46	As regards table B , the Panel noted that it lacked sufficient information to make any recommendations on possible reductions in make-up or emissions contained in that table since only three Parties had submitted relevant data . The Twentieth Meeting of the Parties agreed that in keeping with the two-year review cycle called for under XVII/6 the consideration of amendments to the tables should not be undertaken until 2009 . Accordingly , this issue is on the agenda for the consideration of the Working Group at the current meeting .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	104	Noting that the IDB document on “ Preparation of the Ummah for the 21st Century in the fields of Economic , Commercial and Financial Cooperation ” is a long term strategic framework document characterized by far-sightedness which provides an impetus to the implementation of the OIC Plan of Action . Welcoming the initiative of the Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques for the convening of an international conference in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia to address the Correlation between Technology Transfer and Globalization with particular reference to the economic , technological and scientific fields in order to enable Member States of the OIC to keep up with the accelerating pace of economic globalization and to take advantage of its opportunities ; Having considered of the report of the Secretary General ;
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	17	We have no intention to keep them permanently . There will be no need for us to keep a single nuclear weapon if the relations between the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea and the United States are normalized , if bilateral confidence is built and if we are no longer exposed to the United States nuclear threat . During the recent fourth round of the six-party talks , held in Beijing , we approached the discussions seriously , with magnanimity and a principled , fair and above-board position aimed at achieving our consistent and ultimate goal of the denuclearization of the Korean peninsula by any means , thus enabling the talks to lead to an agreement on the principles to that end within a broad framework and overcoming all the challenges .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	45	Reiterates its firm support for the mission of good offices of the Secretary-General in order to assist the parties in complying with the request made by the General Assembly in its resolutions on the question of the Falkland Islands ( Malvinas ) ; Decides to keep under review the question of the Falkland Islands ( Malvinas ) subject to the directives that the General Assembly has issued and may issue in that regard . Fifty-seventh session
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	50	Just as the Secretary-General has highlighted the advantages of results-based management , let us also demonstrate our commitment to results-based disarmament by ensuring that our resolutions are susceptible to regular progress assessment . Another of the Secretary-General 's key messages in his reform report was that the United Nations must keep its focus on doing what matters , in particular , adhering to the priorities defined by the United Nations Millennium Declaration and the various global conferences over the past decade . Since the General Assembly adopted its first resolution in January 1946 , the United Nations has had as one of its top priorities the total elimination of all weapons of mass destruction .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	27	The Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons and the International Committee of the Red Cross attended the meeting of the Working Group as observers . In keeping with its established practice , the Working Group decided that members of the Bureau of the Ad Hoc Committee would continue to act as Friends of the Chairman during the meetings of the Working Group . However , in view of the fact that Albert Hoffman ( South Africa ) was no longer available to serve in that capacity and in order to ensure the representation of all regional groups , the Working Group decided to invite Sabelo Sivuyile Maqungo ( South Africa ) to join the Friends of the Chairman .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	64	Mr. Burton ( Canada ) , speaking on behalf of Australia , New Zealand and Canada , said that the three delegations noted that the Advisory Committee recommended that the Secretary-General 's commitment authority should be slightly less than the amount requested in order to take into account a possible delay in the deployment of a military component . Any such delay must be kept to a minimum . For the reasons outlined in the ACABQ report the three delegations endorsed that recommendation and strongly supported the full assessment of the amount .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	42	However , the proliferation of actors was making it difficult to monitor the results and effectiveness of those efforts . It was considered that an important role for regional institutions was to define further and identify concrete problems in the region in keeping with the thematic areas of Agenda 21 and that the Division should continue its identification , compilation and comparison of national priorities in close consultation with the relevant organizations . Between 1998 and 2000 , in collaboration with the regional commissions , regional institutions and UNDP , the Division organized three regional consultative meetings with national policy-makers .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	12	Those are the tests that really matter . Secondly , we must keep working with determination on the tough issues on which progress is urgent but has not yet been achieved . Because one thing has emerged clearly from the process on which we embarked two years ago : Whatever our differences , in our interdependent world , we stand or fall together .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	48	In its opinion , the Rules have also contributed to strengthening the human rights dimension and to providing an active monitoring mechanism within the United Nations system . As a result of the very important role played by the Rules , the European Union emphasizes the importance of keeping them as the main international guidelines for further policy development in the field of disability and therefore supports the proposal of complementing the Rules with additional provisions in the form of a supplement based on the draft presented by the first Special Rapporteur . As a general comment on the proposed supplement , the European Union notes that there seems to be some overlapping between the proposed supplement and the Standard Rules .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	46	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of programmes of assistance to the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations decisions relating to decolonization , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly ,
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	108	Accordingly , we welcome the Court 's efforts , as it seeks to improve its working methods , to respond to the growing number and growing complexity of questions , particularly concerning procedural aspects . We think the United Nations reform plan that we are vigorously striving to implement should include strengthening the rules of international law and the authority of the International Court of Justice so that it can truly accomplish its mission in a world that is undergoing changes , and where some are trying to circumvent the rules of international law or reduce them to serving narrow national interests through efforts that are not in keeping with the higher interests of the Organization or of the world at large . During the negotiations on the reform of the Organization and the implementation of the decisions of the recent summit , Egypt will be putting forward specific proposals to strengthen the authority of the International Court of Justice , within the context of establishing the necessary balance between the five principal organs of the Organization , in order to make certain that the Organization and the Court remain effective .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	60	There is no doubt that history will record their role in enriching international criminal and humanitarian law in a number of important ways . Like those given yesterday to the Security Council Committee on Sierra Leone , today 's briefings outlined the Court 's activities , which indicate that there has been palpable progress towards fulfilling the completion strategy in keeping with the principles of due process , fairness and respect for the rights of indictees . We support measures adopted by the Court and its Management Committee , in particular those adopted so far this year. Such measures include amending the Rules of Procedure and Evidence , providing support to Court staff and updating the timeline for trials and appeals .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	40	The presentation of the budgets for the Tribunals in results-based form was a positive development . With the new emphasis on keeping their work on track and looking ahead to the completion of their business , their activities should be kept within existing budget and staff allocations through greater efficiency and redeployment . She was concerned , however , that both Tribunals had failed to identify offsets and savings ; as a result , there were considerable increases in the overall budget levels .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	39	To reiterate its invitation to the donor States to make use of the ERW database to identify all possible sources of support for ERW-related activities and to advise on their own activities in support of ERW-related activities . To keep under review the implementation of Article 4 and its impact on the implementation of the obligations on clearance , removal or destruction of ERW under Article 3 of the Protocol . To keep under review the potential environmental impact of ERW clearance .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	80	The crisis would ultimately be resolved when Israel ended its occupation of the Palestinian territories and when the Palestinian people exercised their right to self-determination . In that connection , South Africa once again declared that it was in favor of creating an independent Palestinian State with its capital in Jerusalem and appealed to Israel to leave the Palestinian territories occupied in 1967 , dismantle the Israeli settlements , and effect a fair solution of the Palestine refugee problem in keeping with the 11 December 1948 General Assembly resolution 194 ( III ) . South Africa believed that lasting peace , security , and stability could be achieved only through peaceful negotiation and the assurance of the inherent right of the Palestinian people to self-determination and the creation of an independent State .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	26	I believe , I am afraid , that the commonly cited formula remains valid . Peacekeeping operations can be deployed where there is a peace to keep or , at the minimum , a viable political process that a peacekeeping presence can help nurture and lead to a meaningful conclusion . Over the past decade , peacekeepers have helped to tip the balance and have overcome some opposition on the margins of a peace process .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	24	In addition , the last sentence of this paragraph has been added from article 20 ( 3 ) of the Hamburg Rules . In keeping with the Working Group 's decision to allow for set-off of claims as a defence even when the limitation period had expired ( paras. 130-131 , 133 , and 154 A/CN.9/616 ) , the Secretariat has prepared draft paragraph 3 , based on article 25 ( 2 ) of the Convention on the Limitation Period in the International Sale of Goods . Former article 73 of the text as it appeared in A/CN.9/WG.III/WP.56 has been deleted as a consequence of the inclusion of this text .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	52	“ The Council encourages the Secretary-General and the European Union to continue to collaborate with the African Union and regional stakeholders in support of the ongoing process of improving the security situation in the Sudan , Chad and the Central African Republic . “ The Council requests the Secretary-General to continue to keep it closely informed of the preparations for each element of the multidimensional presence , including further details on the structure , modalities and force levels . “ The Council welcomes the signing on 13 August 2007 at N'Djamena of the Political Agreement for the reinforcement of the democratic process in Chad .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	68	They each have their strengths and their weaknesses , their supporters and their opponents . As your predecessor in the Chair noted , none of them at this stage seems to enjoy agreement on the part of all the members of the Conference , and there does not even seem to be any agreement on how to treat any given subject in the context of the agenda in keeping with rule 30 of the rules of procedure . And that is why my delegation believes we must continue to study all proposals with an open mind .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	45	Reiterates its firm support for the mission of good offices of the Secretary-General in order to assist the parties in complying with the request made by the General Assembly in its resolutions on the question of the Falkland Islands ( Malvinas ) ; Decides to keep under review the question of the Falkland Islands ( Malvinas ) subject to the directives that the General Assembly has issued and may issue in that regard . Chapter XII
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	63	The European Union greatly welcomes the appointment by the Government of Guinea ( Conakry ) of a resident ambassador and the appointment by Senegal of a chargé d'affaires . The European Union hopes to see greater understanding among all the countries of the region and , in this context , the implementation of more efficient monitoring of trafficking in small arms , in keeping with the spirit and the letter of the Moratorium on the Import , Export and Manufacturing of Small Arms adopted by all the countries of the Economic Community of West African States in Bamako . The President : Of course , Mr. Ambassador , in my national capacity I can say I agree with every word you said .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	73	IAEA safeguards are applied under different types of agreements and arrangements and the scope , objectives , measures , technology , evaluations and reporting employed may vary . Following the conclusion of the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons ( NPT ) in 1968 , the IAEA has become the instrument with which to verify that the “ peaceful use ” commitments made under the NPT , or similar agreements , are kept through the implementation of safeguards . At present , 183 non-nuclear-weapon States parties to the NPT have undertaken treaty commitments that include not to manufacture or otherwise acquire nuclear weapons or other nuclear explosive devices .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	17	There have been terrible epidemics . Only 9 per cent of all health districts have refrigerators for keeping medicines . In Kinshasa , 70 per cent of its 7 million inhabitants have less than a dollar a day to feed themselves .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	29	The same mandate applies with regard to the General Assembly or other United Nations bodies . By restricting herself to female circumcision , the Special Rapporteur is therefore only keeping to her terms of reference . Furthermore , she considers that the harmful effects of male circumcision can not in any way be compared or equated with the violence , danger and risk faced by girl children and women .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	44	A major Israeli military operation in the Gaza Strip has resulted in the deaths of large numbers of Palestinians , including civilians and children . The Secretary-General has expressed his deep concern over those deaths and has reminded Israel that it must act in keeping with its obligations under international humanitarian law . The terrorist attacks at Taba , Egypt , in the Sinai on the evening of 7 October were breaches of the peace in a place hitherto known as a haven for coexistence and tourism .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	70	With regard to the promotion of durable peace and sustainable development , my delegation welcomes the results of the efforts made by African countries and by African regional organizations , as well as by the international community , which have led to the resolution of some of the conflicts in Africa , while other conflicts are in the process of being addressed . Those efforts , however , must be kept up unflaggingly and with continued resolve in order to build peace . Of crucial importance are financial support for the African Union and assistance in setting up its new institutions , as well as strengthened cooperation between the African Union and the United Nations .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	69	112 , para. According to the Statute , the Assembly shall meet once a year and , when circumstances so require , hold special sessions ( art. 112 , para . Pursuant to rule 37 of the draft Rules of Procedure of the Assembly of States Parties ( PCNICC/2001/1/Add.4 ) , it is envisaged that a secretariat would be responsible for receiving , translating , reproducing , distributing and keeping custody of documents and decisions of the Assembly , the Bureau and any subsidiary bodies that may be established by the Assembly , as well as providing interpretation . Thus , the secretariat will be involved in the substantive servicing of meetings and preparing pre-session , in-session and post-session documentation .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	32	In the light of the shift towards recovery and development , the Mission conducted a review of the staffing establishment of the Humanitarian Coordinator 's Support Office . The review focused on keeping posts performing core functions in the Humanitarian Coordinator 's Support Office to support the Humanitarian Coordinator in carrying out the functions mentioned in paragraph 23 above . Accordingly , it is proposed that the staffing establishment of the Office be reduced by three international posts ( 1 P-4 , 1 P-3 and 1 General Service ( Other level ) ) , one United Nations Volunteer position and four national General Service posts .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	65	In conclusion , his delegation hailed the success of the multilingual United Nations web site and believed that it should continue to be upgraded within the limits of the Department 's existing resources . Mr. Ali Ahmad ( Syrian Arab Republic ) said that his delegation attached great importance to the establishment of a new world information order which would be fairer and more in keeping with the principles of the United Nations and with the aspirations and cultural values of people throughout the world . The United Nations , and in particular DPI , was responsible for making the voice of the Organization heard , explaining its objectives and making its activities better known throughout the world in both the developing and the developed countries .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	54	First , where the encumbered assets are already held by or can easily be brought into the possession of a third party , especially a commercial keeper of other persons ' assets . The second field of application is where instruments and documents , embodying tangible assets or intangible rights , can be easily kept by the secured creditor itself . ( b ) Right of retention of possession
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	18	• To harness the active support of the regional commissions and the regional development banks ; • To keep the financing for development process on the agenda of the intergovernmental bodies of all main stakeholders , including all United Nations funds , programmes and agencies , including the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development . We recognize the link between financing of development and attaining internationally agreed development goals and objectives , including those contained in the Millennium Declaration , in measuring development progress and helping to guide development priorities .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	42	The Committee has taken note of the intention of the Government of Andorra and would be grateful for a report on its implementation at the earliest opportunity . Andorra reaffirms its willingness to participate in the efforts undertaken by other States to keep the world free of nuclear , chemical and biological weapons . As indicated in the second report , on 31 July 2002 during a meeting of the Council of Ministers , the Andorran Government approved Andorra 's accession to the Convention on the Prohibition of the Development , Stockpiling and Use of Chemical Weapons and on their Destruction .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	54	We commend the efforts for the Middle East peace process made by the Secretary-General and his Special Coordinator . Our Committee ardently hopes that the resumption of the tenth emergency special session of the General Assembly will , with the cooperation of all Member States , with no exclusions , produce concrete results in keeping with the best interests of the people of the region , in particular the cousins of Palestine and Israel . I thank you , Mr. President , and through you , the Member States , for the massive support they will give to the draft resolution just introduced by the representative of Egypt .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	6	Travel , if you can . Keep occupied to the point you are not bored with life and you will truly find these final days and years of your lives to be sunshine sweet . Good Luck !
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	92	On the issue of reservations to treaties , her delegation felt that although the possibility of making reservations could secure a broader participation of States in international human rights instruments , it could seriously impair their integrity , unity and effectiveness , undermine equality among States parties , and thwart the basic aim of harmonizing State action in the field of human rights protection . Draft guideline 2.3.1 set forth a rule which would ensure legal certainty , given the serious effects of reservations on treaty relations ; the rule was in keeping with the principle pacta sunt servanda , which would otherwise be circumvented if States could formulate reservations at any time . With regard to draft guideline 2.3.2 , her delegation noted that , although it reflected current practice followed by depositaries , that practice related to borderline cases ; moreover , existing practice showed that late reservations were usually permitted in the context of treaties which specifically authorized reservations .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	48	As a matter of fact , there was a common understanding between the parties concerned that , with the convening of the fact-finding mission , the matter would be put to rest . It is with sadness that we note the futile effort of our negotiating partner to keep an agenda item alive by transferring its consideration to the sixtieth session , which is both pointless and counterproductive . We express our strong dissatisfaction with the Azerbaijani decision .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	66	Furthermore , the Assembly would decide that the Ad Hoc Committee established pursuant to resolution 51/210 of 17 December 1996 would , on an expedited basis , continue to elaborate a draft comprehensive convention on international terrorism and resolve the outstanding issues relating to the elaboration of the draft international convention for the suppression of acts of nuclear terrorism . The Ad Hoc Committee would also keep on its agenda the question of convening a high-level conference under the auspices of the United Nations to formulate a joint organized response of the international community to terrorism in all its forms and manifestations . For these purposes , the Ad Hoc Committee would meet from 28 March to 1 April 2005 , and if necessary , its work would also continue during the sixtieth session of the Assembly , within the framework of the Working Group of the Sixth Committee .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	75	− Encourage inclusion of the world 's philosophies and of democratic debate in the schools ; the exercise of responsible citizenship in the context of sustainable development requires universal education in the values of citizenship and humanism ; − Hold more discussions and conduct more group studies on the theme of “ subjective well-being for all ” , show that this is not inconsistent with the adoption of lifestyles and patterns of consumption more in keeping with the goal of sustainable development and , by so doing , encourage citizens to accept certain constraints ; • Encourage genuine public discussion of what it means “ for all of us to live well ” ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	103	Although at the last minute the Frente POLISARIO decided not to act on its threat to resume hostilities , a climate of increased mistrust and bitterness has set in between the parties and this is undermining the agreed ceasefire regime . Regrettably , I can not report any progress towards overcoming the obstacles to the implementation of the settlement plan , or towards determining whether the Government of Morocco , as administrative Power in Western Sahara , is prepared to offer or support some devolution of authority for all inhabitants and former inhabitants of the Territory that is genuine , substantial and in keeping with international norms . The only positive development during the period has been the decision by the Frente POLISARIO , on 14 December 2000 , in keeping with a prior commitment to my Personal Envoy , to release 201 Moroccan prisoners of war on humanitarian grounds .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	61	They have placed themselves at the front line of development , despite the many difficulties they must endure . It is therefore essential to insist on the education of girls , food safety and access to drinking water and to health services , and to ensure that these priorities are taken into account in all development projects in Africa , in keeping with the objectives set by NEPAD itself . Spain and the European Union have been following with interest these developments in the context of the Cairo process and of the European Union 's political dialogue with Africa since the G-8 Group of Donors Meeting for the G-8 Summit and the Kananaskis Summit itself .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	15	Draft paragraph 57 ( 2 ) There was agreement in the Working Group that in keeping with decisions made previously , reference in draft paragraph 57 ( 2 ) to persons outside of the controlling party and carrier should be deleted . However , there was some support for the concern raised that revising the text of draft paragraph 57 ( 2 ) in this fashion could result in the inability of the carrier to obtain reimbursement for any damages that it might have to pay to other shippers resulting from loss or damage caused to their goods by the execution of the controlling party 's instructions .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	29	That failure must not detract from the continuing relevance of the Programme as a valid platform for national , regional and global action . The review process should be kept alive , and the follow-up arrangements adhered to , in order to ensure the realization of shared goals and objectives . As a demonstration of Nigeria 's commitment to the fight against illicit small arms and light weapons , the Nigerian Government this year acceded to the United Nations Protocol against the Illicit Manufacturing of and Trafficking in Firearms , Their Parts and Components and Ammunition , which entered into force in July 2005 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	45	We recognize the efforts made in this regard , both by UNMIK and by the Provisional Institutions of Self-Government . What is clear is that if the international community were to hesitate today in its efforts to achieve a democratic , multi-ethnic Kosovo , in keeping with resolution 1244 ( 1999 ) , the perpetrators will have won . The Kosovo Standards Implementation Plan presented in March is a key instrument in achieving the standards contained in the document “ Standards for Kosovo ” published in December of last year in Pristina and endorsed by the Council at that time .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	68	The report referred to situations in which girls were perceived as a legitimate sexual replacement for the mother if the mother was sterile , an allegation which was entirely condemned by the Government of El Salvador . However , she wished to question the legal and political implications of the example given of a 10-year-old girl who had been raped and impregnated by her father and forced to keep the child . The international community did not have a common position on abortion and the Constitution of El Salvador respected the “ right of life ” of the human embryo from the moment of conception .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	18	• To harness the active support of the regional commissions and the regional development banks ; • To keep the financing for development process on the agenda of the intergovernmental bodies of all main stakeholders , including all United Nations funds , programmes and agencies , including the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development . We recognize the link between financing of development and attaining internationally agreed development goals and objectives , including those contained in the Millennium Declaration , in measuring development progress and helping to guide development priorities .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	59	The people of Bougainville are showing determination to move beyond weapons and to begin to concentrate on elections , on building institutions and on taking charge of their destiny . Undergirding all those efforts , UNPOB 's impartiality , neutrality and energy remain available to the parties , as we try to ensure that weapons that are collected are kept secure , that outstanding issues in the relations within and between communities are resolved in accordance with Bougainville traditional methods and that Bougainvilleans are well informed about what is happening where implementation of the Agreement is concerned , what the developments signify and what role they can play in advancing them . Closer towards the end of this year , Council members may wish to turn their attention to ways in which the Council can render support to them as they seek to strengthen their peace and make it irreversible .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	30	This calendar had not been received at the time that the present report was prepared . The Committee was also informed by the representative of Guinea-Bissau that the Government was keeping the possibility of submitting a multi-year payment plan under continuous consideration as the situation normalized.6 Such a plan had not been received at the time that the present report was prepared . The Committee also encouraged the Comoros and Iraq to consider presenting a multi-year payment plan as a way of gradually reducing their outstanding assessed contributions to the United Nations.7
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	65	The Government of Lebanon should , in this context , be called upon to carry out its responsibility to end the violations from its territory , deploy its armed forces and restore its effective authority and control throughout the area . Israel reiterates the need for UNIFIL forces to be deployed at all points of friction along the border between Israel and Lebanon , in keeping with its mandate under resolution 425 ( 1978 ) . Should Israel 's repeated calls continue to go unheeded and the present situation persist , in which no party takes upon itself responsibility for maintaining order and security in South Lebanon , there is a real danger of a grave deterioration in the area , an outcome that all sides must act to prevent .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	38	Even as DPKO and DFS restructured and absorbed generous new resources , the relative scale of demands in the field remained prodigious . As always , it would be important to ensure that there was a peace to keep , that mandates were achievable and that they were matched with the necessary resources . Strong political support from the Member States would remain the sine qua non for success .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	47	Needless to say , a concerted effort must be made to benefit from the opportunity presented by the progress achieved thus far . The international community at large and the United Nations in particular must continue to work with the IGAD countries and responsible Somali leaders to keep the IGAD peace process on track and help to ensure Somali ownership of the process . For this to happen , the Somali leaders must take up the challenge of rising above their differences , and must put the interests of the people of Somalia first .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	44	The focus of the report is on reserve education , but , given the high percentage of First Nation students attending provincial schools , it also addresses the needs of such students . The report contains a total of 27 recommendations that , in keeping with the holistic First Nation philosophy of lifelong learning , span the period from early childhood to post-secondary education . The recommendations are intended to facilitate the establishment of a high-quality First Nation education system , grounded in indigenous knowledge , that is characterized by high levels of academic achievement and students who possess the knowledge and skills to participate fully in their own First Nation community and in Canadian society .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	58	Let me tell you in unequivocal terms that China will remain committed to the path of peaceful development , unswervingly pursue reform and opening-up , and continue to adhere to an independent foreign policy of peace . This is in the fundamental interests of the Chinese people and the people of all other countries. It is also in keeping with the trend of the world . The Olympic Games that just concluded were held in China , the largest developing country in the world .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	39	In the opinion of the Advisory Committee , the overall amount proposed for quick-impact projects for the 2006/07 period could be reduced . In keeping with the original intent for these types of projects , overhead costs should be kept to a minimum and efforts should be made to identify implementing partners , including those at the local level , in order to share the burden of the costs of administering such projects . Upon enquiry , the Committee was informed that the quick-impact project approval mechanism requires that proposals be made by United Nations agencies with the respective technical expertise and that a number of projects were approved to obtain agency co-funding .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	46	“ He stated that the Veda Cultural Centre had been registered in Georgia in 1992 in the Gldani-Nadzaladevi district of Tbilisi and that the literature confiscated by the Gldani-Nadzaladevi District Police Department had been sent to Georgia from Moscow in 1990-1993 . The books had been kept in the chapel storeroom and had not been used for commercial purposes . The only aim was to disseminate the books among their followers .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	36	The full reopening of the Karni crossing is crucial in that respect . We call on the Israeli Government also fully to reimburse to the Palestinian Authority all tax income collected on its behalf , in keeping with the Paris Protocol . As I have noted recently in this forum , France and Europe as a whole do not wish to punish the Palestinian people or sacrifice the institutional achievements that have been made over the past decade .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	58	The people of New Caledonia established a new relationship with the administering Power through the signing of the Nouméa Accord leading to greater self-government and the holding of a referendum on the future status of the Territory within 15 to 20 years . In Tokelau , the people have continued to build appropriate structures and arrangements while they keep the issue of self-determination under active consideration , in close cooperation with the administering Power . And yet , despite these encouraging developments , the process of decolonization is far from over .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	113	This includes the projects for providing technical assistance to the National Civil Police , the project to support the prison school , the justice and multiculturalism project , the projects related to Santa Eulalia Centre for the Administration of Justice and the support projects in the fiscal , labour and agrarian areas . Nevertheless , for reasons inherent in its mandate , MINUGUA will continue to execute the Programme of Institutional Assistance for Legal Reform , through which technical advice on the legislative agenda for peace is channelled to the Congress of the Republic , and the Public Information and Social Participation project , through which the Mission carries out its mandate to keep the public informed . To provide guidelines for the projects and ensure that the peace agenda is incorporated in activities of the agencies and programmes of the United Nations system in Guatemala , in anticipation of the Mission 's eventual withdrawal , a Transition Group will be set up , reporting to the office of the head of MINUGUA and composed of officials appointed by my Special Representative and by the Resident Coordinator of the United Nations system for Operational Activities for Development .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	54	That group has kidnapped hundreds of Colombians and some foreign citizens , most of whom are kept in concentration camps that recall the Nazi era . I reaffirm to the Secretary-General my commitment to find a solution , to be recommended by him , to free the hostages , under conditions that are in keeping with legal norms and that do not intensify violence . Since the last Colombian Government , we have sought , through Cuba , on the one hand , and several additional Governments on the other , a peace process with the National Liberation Army ( ELN ) .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	40	Strongly urges parliaments to commit to the achievement of the Millennium Development Goals as a means of addressing underdevelopment and preventing the marginalization of many in the developing world ; Urges national parliaments to enact effective anti-terrorism legislation , in keeping with relevant international instruments and commitments , including the United Nations Global Counter-Terrorism Strategy , and to assess such laws at regular intervals so as to ensure that they are fully compatible with national security and individual freedoms ; Underscores the need for parliaments to work towards a situation where States refrain from resorting to the threat and use of force in international relations , and settle their differences through dialogue and peaceful means ;
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	62	Please could Poland provide a report on the practical administration of those laws , with particular reference to the control of the sale and possession of weapons . The report on practical administration of the law of 29 November 2000 on the control of external trade in goods , technologies and services of strategic importance both for state security and for the keeping of international peace and security has been already provided to the CTC as Appendix 2 to the Report of 21 December 2001 . Since the time of submission of the report no new circumstances or modifications occurred .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	126	Commends the important role the Special Rapporteur continues to play towards the elimination of extrajudicial , summary or arbitrary executions and encourages the Special Rapporteur to continue , within the mandate as defined in Commission resolution 2001/45 , to collect information from all concerned , to respond effectively to reliable information that comes before her , to follow up on communications and country visits and to seek the views and comments of Governments and to reflect them as appropriate in the elaboration of her reports ; Strongly urges all States to cooperate with and assist the Special Rapporteur so that her mandate may be carried out effectively , including , where appropriate , by issuing invitations to the Special Rapporteur when she so requests , in keeping with the usual terms of reference for missions by special rapporteurs of the Commission on Human Rights and to respond to the communications transmitted to them by the Special Rapporteur ; Expresses its appreciation to those States that have invited the Special Rapporteur to visit their countries , asks them to examine carefully the recommendations made by the Special Rapporteur , invites them to report to the Special Rapporteur on the actions taken on those recommendations and requests other States , including those mentioned in the report of the Special Rapporteur , to cooperate in a similar way ;
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	34	And fourthly , the responsibilities of countries of destination of the resources should be determined with regard to both import and export activities . My delegation respectfully wishes to urge the Security Council to keep on course insofar as securing peace and security in the Great Lakes region is concerned . The Council will be encouraged to know that , since the last meeting between the Council and the Lusaka signatories , the commitment to the implementation of the Lusaka Agreement demonstrated then has borne some fruit .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	35	We believe that to be highly important . It is also important that States adopt the Programme and that they be able to incorporate into their national legislation all the aspects it covers , in keeping with their national capacities . The international assistance and cooperation provided to States can be an important incentive in the implementation of this and other international instruments .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	54	In paragraph 183 , the Board reported that UNOPS agreed with its recommendation that UNOPS perform regular physical asset counts to verify the existence of assets and the completeness and accuracy of the asset records . UNOPS also agreed with Board 's recommendation to obtain confirmation from the storage company of all inventory items kept in storage . The quarterly verifications are being done now .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	51	Many measures to counter money-laundering heavily depend on identity or identification elements , and the means used by offenders to launder proceeds involve identity-related crime . The ability to identify customers and parties of financial transactions , sometimes described as the “ know-your-customer ” principle , is , in addition to keeping financial records and reporting suspicious transactions , a fundamental element of regimes to counter money-laundering . Identifying parties to a transaction can help establish that funds or assets are criminal proceeds or assist in the investigation of underlying and predicate offences .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	39	It was pointed out that , in the 2005 World Summit Outcome , it had been recognized that relevant provisions of the Charter are very clear and sufficient . At its 254th meeting , the Special Committee decided to keep the proposal on its agenda . Peaceful settlement of disputes
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	78	Also decides that , in accordance with the provisions of its resolution 973 ( X ) , there shall be set off against the apportionment among Member States , as provided for in paragraph 5 above , their respective share in the Tax Equalization Fund of 194 , 767 dollars , representing the increase in the estimated staff assessment income approved for the Mission for the period from 1 May to 30 June 2009 ; Further decides to keep under review during its sixty-third session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Mission in the Sudan ” . 79th plenary meeting 7 April 2009
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	42	It goes without saying that , in accordance with the rules of procedure , I will also be convening formal and informal plenary sessions . On informal meetings , let me remind you that as the current President , I intend to keep to the timetable proposed by my predecessor , which we have all accepted , convinced as I am that our informal discussions can indeed help us to move closer to our primary objective . In conclusion , I wish to call on all delegations to use the time remaining to us before the summer break as efficiently as possible in order to find a way out of the stalemate that we have been in for eight years now .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	47	In that context , as many speakers before me have said , the international community has a very important role to play in helping the Transitional Federal Government to change the situation in its favour . The promises made in April at the Brussels conference must be kept . I recall that the European Commission is to provide €60 million to the African Union Mission in Somalia ( AMISOM ) and €13 million to the Rule of Law and Security Programme .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	19	Another important point for further consultation related to “ subsurface resources ” . Indigenous representatives expressed a desire to keep this language in the text , while many governmental delegations strongly opposed keeping it . The facilitator suggested that this point should be a matter of further consideration and , consequently , kept the expression in brackets .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	15	Action by the Committee In pursuance of its mandate , the Committee will continue to keep under review the situation relating to the question of Palestine and participate in relevant meetings of the Security Council and the General Assembly . The Committee will also continue to monitor the situation on the ground and draw the attention of the international community to urgent developments in the Occupied Palestinian Territory , including East Jerusalem , requiring international action .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	30	Nonetheless , the Special Rapporteur was not granted access to the prison cells register . It was argued by the prison authorities that the office in which the register was kept was closed and could not be opened on a Saturday . In the documentation building , the Special Rapporteur noticed a blackboard on which was written : “ convicted prisoners : 893 ; ordinary remands : 327 ; capital remands : 84 ; robbery with violence : 74 ; civil debtors : 2 ; safe custody : 4 ; lock-up total : 1 , 384 ” .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	39	This is something that Ambassador Greenstock has been very concerned that the Council try to do : to improve the way in which it allocates its time — which , inevitably , is limited . I think we must keep up the effort to make sure that we do things as efficiently , as effectively and as quickly as we can — consistent with getting a good result . I think it is entirely reasonable that if there are procedural issues that need to be addressed , or problems that are perceived , then the informal working group on documentation and other procedural questions should be asked to look at them .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	63	It has been a privilege indeed to serve this Council , the international community at large and , indeed , the people of Bosnia and Herzegovina . I am grateful also for the general support which has been expressed around the Council , and , if I may say so , especially for the commitment made by so many nations to continue to keep their engagement in Bosnia and Herzegovina . It will be needed .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	95	It also stipulated that in the case of staff reduction preference in keeping on a person is to be given to women with a child under the age of 14 ( a disabled child under the age of 16 ) , or to employees who had two or more dependants , provided their productivity and qualifications are the same . Also the Labour Law stipulates that in the case of dismissal for staff reduction purposes employees who bring up a child under 14 or a disabled child under 16 , enjoy the preference in being kept on , provided their productivity and qualifications are the same . If the termination of the employment contract by the employer has resulted in the violation of the employee 's rights , the latter , irrespective of the gender , has the right to submit a claim to court to recognise the termination of the employment contract by the employer invalid during one month since the date of the receipt of the dismissal .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	70	In creating such funding facilities , the RTD-DC model for financing the implementation of development compacts through “ callable contributions ” of international partners may be helpful , especially in determining the burden-sharing among the members of the international community . Democracy and good governance - Unlike previous regional and continent-wide plans for African development , NEPAD places a strong emphasis on democracy and good governance , which is in keeping with the RTD-DC approach . The “ Declaration on Democracy , Political , Economic and Corporate Governance ” is a statement by NEPAD member States of their commitment to democracy and good governance and the promotion and protection of human rights .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	20	Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations ( A/ES-10/172 ) The President : In keeping with the established practice , I should now like to draw the attention of the General Assembly to document A/ES-10/172 , which contains a letter addressed to me by the Secretary-General informing the Assembly that 21 Member States are in arrears in the payment of their financial contributions to the United Nations within the terms of Article 19 of the Charter . May I take it that the General Assembly duly takes note of this information ?
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	30	The donor conference held in Sharm El-Sheikh on 2 March of this year was an opportunity to make commitments on essential issues . We hope that these commitments will be kept . In my delegation 's view , humanitarian aid must be able , without hindrance , to reach Gaza and all the occupied Palestinian territories , including East Jerusalem , in order to ease the suffering of the population .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	45	As well as in case of exports , for brokering activities all applications are assessed by the Hungarian Trade Licensing Office , inter alia , against the provisions of the European Union 's Code of Conduct on Arms Exports . The Hungarian Trade Licensing Office keeps records for a minimum of 10 years of all persons and entities which have obtained a license for brokering activities . Also , a register of arms brokers is established , but the registration or authorisation to act as broker does not in any case replace the requirement to obtain the necessary license or written authorisation for each transaction .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	31	Many other trouble-stricken places also see the beacon that the Organization 's engagement brings them . Today , 45 , 000 blue helmets and 13 , 000 civilian staff are busy keeping the peace and bringing succour to people 's lives , more than at any other time in the post-cold-war era . However , much remains to be done to meet the challenges of the twenty-first century .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	73	Mr. President , I would like to inform you of some activities conducted by my country as a part of the fulfilment of the obligations under the Convention on the Prohibition of Anti-Personnel Mines . In November last year , at a public ceremony led by the President of the Republic , and even before the deadlines set in the Convention , Algeria completed the destruction of its stocks of anti-personnel mines in keeping with the provisions of the Convention on the Prohibition of Anti-Personnel Mines . The PRESIDENT : I thank the representative of Algeria , and I would like to ask you , Mr. Khelif , to please convey my best wishes for good health to Ambassador Jazairy and my hope to have him soon participating in our debates .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	30	Regional and international organizations , which depend heavily on countries , face the same problems as national administrations . As a result , despite major efforts made by organizations to keep up the level of regional and international statistics there is a risk that the quality of energy statistics will decline if action is not taken quickly to reverse the current trends in resources and staffing . The impact of the lower quality of energy data will be dramatic in many areas , especially as regards the oil market and the calculation of greenhouse gas emissions .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	40	The Patents Act , enacted by Act XVII of 2000 , makes provision for the registration and regulation of patents . The Office of the Comptroller of Industrial Property is responsible for registrations and a register to that effect is kept in which patent applications and patents granted are recorded . An invention is patentable if it is novel , involves an inventive step and is industrially applicable .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	57	It is also encouraged by the inclusion of women in the political decision-making bodies in Burundi , Somalia and in East Timor . “ The Security Council underscores the importance of promoting an active and visible policy of mainstreaming a gender perspective in all policies and programmes while addressing armed conflicts , in particular peacekeeping operations in keeping with the statement of the President of the Security Council on 8 March 2000 . “ The Council therefore reiterates its request to the Secretary-General to include , where appropriate , in his reporting to the Security Council , progress in gender mainstreaming throughout United Nations peacekeeping missions and on other aspects relating to women and girls .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	91	The Council also considered the monitoring of the use of compensation awards in the light of a request made by the Governments of Kuwait and Saudi Arabia relating to the Panel 's recommended remediation methods on the basis of which the Governing Council approved such awards . The Council referred the issue of the monitoring of the use of compensation awards , and the issue raised by the Governments of Kuwait and Saudi Arabia , to a future meeting of the Working Group for its further consideration , and decided to keep these matters on the agenda for the next session . The Council also referred the issue of the amendment of environmental claims by claimants to a future informal meeting of the Working Group and requested the secretariat to prepare an information note on this issue .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	21	I would like to express my sympathies and those of the Irish Government to the families of those killed . In keeping with our proud tradition of peacekeeping , Ireland expects to make a substantial contribution to the United Nations-mandated mission to Chad and the Central African Republic to help aid refugees and address the regional dimension of the Darfur crisis . All those who are party to the conflict must commit to the political talks in Libya next month .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	97	The response proposed that submissions be invited from Parties on specific concerns and considerations relating to the definition of States of transit in annex A of the Protocol , the difficulties in evidencing illegal traffic for the purposes of the Protocol and the adequacy of the financial limits laid down in Annex B of the Protocol . The submission further noted that the Secretariat should further elaborate on possible financial guarantee mechanisms which could assist the application of annex B and that it could encourage the “ insurance industry in developed countries and other developing countries to keep developing their business with regard to the Protocol ” . Instruction manual for the implementation of the Protocol on Liability and Compensation
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	57	As indicated above , French law allows judicial assistance to be granted even in the absence of dual criminality without requiring specific evidence and without any prior evaluation of the relevance or probative value of the prosecution evidence provided by the requesting State in support of its request . France therefore considers that this practice is in keeping with the spirit and letter of the above-mentioned provisions of the resolution . Subparagraph 3 ( c )
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	32	In its reply the Government denied , in general terms , all the allegations made by the source . It pointed out that the procedure conducted against the four persons is in keeping with the Constitution and the laws of the Republic of Maldives . In its comments on the Government 's reply the source , on the one hand , reiterated its earlier allegations .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	49	To that end , the Panel has , among other things , requested the secretariat to ascertain whether other claims have been submitted to the Commission with respect to the same projects , transactions or properties as those forming the subject matter of the claims under review . In keeping with Governing Council decision 13 , where a loss has been found to be compensable in this instalment and the same loss has been previously recommended for compensation , such amount has been deducted from any award recommended by the Panel . Where a claim has been found to be compensable in this instalment and another claim for the same loss is pending before a different panel , the relevant information has been provided to the other panel .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	61	I wish to make it clear that we do not question Israel 's right to self-defence in the face of repeated terrorist attacks . The United Nations must , however , repeat the call on the Israeli authorities to abandon the use of excessive force in densely populated areas and to protect the safety of civilians and preserve their property in keeping with Israel 's obligations under international humanitarian law . It is important in this context to point out that illegal armed elements in Palestinian areas bear a heavy responsibility for violence that affects Palestinian civilians by basing themselves in civilian areas , contrary to international humanitarian law .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	65	The Congolese delegation made clear that its government had always acknowledged the dilapidated state of its judicial system , just as it realized that it was impossible to wage an effective fight against impunity in such conditions . The Democratic Republic of the Congo was more determined than ever to establish and maintain a fair , reliable , moral and effective justice system , in keeping with the principles of the United Nations Charter and international law . That was also the aim of the ongoing reform of the justice system , which , nonetheless was coming up against the problems that new democracies often faced .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	86	To take note of the report of the Executive Secretary : summary of activities , covering the period from 1 September to 15 November 2005 . With respect to the issue of the shortfall to the Compensation Fund of approximately $ 37.2 million , to request that the secretariat follow up on its correspondence with the Controller ; to request that the secretariat prepare an information note on the implications of the shortfall on the payment of claims for the Council 's consideration ; and to keep this issue on the agenda for the next session of the Governing Council . To approve corrections to certain category A , C and D claims contained in the thirty-second report of the Executive Secretary pursuant to article 41 of the Provisional Rules for Claims Procedure ( S/AC.26/Dec.254 ( 2005 ) ) .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	62	A second challenge is to find a place to store the copies of all the research data and information that according to articles 248 and 249 of UNCLOS are to be made available to the State . With the particular needs of developing countries in mind , we should seek to establish an infrastructure for storage and easy retrieval , and for keeping track of appropriate data sets that are still being processed by the research institution . This infrastructure should be established under a politically and nationally neutral organization to ensure integrity .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	40	As decided at para. 144 of A/CN.9/552 , para. 29 ( 1 ) has been redrafted to mirror the provision on carrier 's liability at draft para . The parties to whom the shipper is liable have been deleted in keeping with draft article 14 and , as noted at para . “ Delay ” arises by virtue of creating a mirror provision of draft article 14 , but it has been placed in square brackets since it has not been specifically discussed in the context of draft article 29 .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	71	Decides to apportion among Member States the amount of 139 , 671 , 300 dollars for the period from 1 July 2008 to 30 June 2009 , in accordance with the levels updated in General Assembly resolution 61/243 of 22 December 2006 , and taking into account the scale of assessments for 2008 and 2009 , as set out in its resolution 61/237 of 22 December 2006 ; Also decides to keep under review during its sixty-third session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Mission in the Central African Republic and Chad ” . Sixty-fourth session
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	50	Therefore , Israel and the rest of the world must respect and abide by the Court 's findings . The United Nations has an ongoing responsibility with respect to the question of Palestine until it is resolved , in all its aspects , in an acceptable manner that is in keeping with international legitimacy . The Court 's opinion has brought to light many illegal aspects that have a bearing on the Palestinian cause .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	63	I wish also to thank the Secretary-General ; the Special Representative on children and armed conflict , Ms. Coomaraswamy ; and UNICEF head Ann Veneman for the energy they have devoted to addressing the serious problem of children and armed conflict . It is important that the Security Council , other relevant United Nations entities and our Governments , as Member States , keep the issue of children and armed conflict in our focus . The United States also thanks you , Mr. President , and your Security Council team for having taken the lead in establishing the Security Council Working Group on children and armed conflict .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	27	In this respect , boats can be compared with houses . There is no limit to what you can spend , yet it is easily possible to keep within a set budget . There is no question as to just what is available .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	25	• maintenance of files on customer identification for at least five years after their accounts were closed ; • specific identification of data to be kept in the file on customer identification and by each transaction . The system for ensuring compliance with the program on money laundering prevention and combat
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	17	She disciplined herself daily to do what must be done . She had even steeled herself to keep Juanita upstairs in the nurse 's room off the empty nursery , although the girl tried to insist on moving back to the quarters to spare Kate remembrance of the baby 's death . Juanita drooped about the place , wearing a haunted , brooding look , which Kate attributed to the baby 's death , until the day a letter came for her addressed to `` Miss Juanita Fitzroy '' , bearing a Grafton postmark .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	20	“ Please accept this small donation to help with the work of your court . It is vitally important you keep up your important work . Thank you for your efforts and please continue to do your work .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	18	Had a funny experience at Newport yesterday afternoon . Sat there and as a woman sang , she kept getting thinner and thinner , right before my eyes , and the eyes of some 5500 other people . I make this observation about the lady , Miss Judy Garland , because she brought up the subject herself in telling a story about a British female reporter who flattered her terribly in London recently and then wrote in the paper the next day :
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	31	We are also committed to strengthening the programmes of the World Health Organization ( WHO ) and of the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS ( UNAIDS ) . Mexico will keep its doors open to all , allowing free entry into and departure from our country without discrimination of any kind . It stands ready to be a responsible actor in the global fight against HIV/AIDS .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	28	Therefore , we would stress the centrality of foreign assistance in maintaining Kosovo 's current growth and welfare levels . We call upon the international donor community to keep supporting the province . Sustainable development , however , will depend on the capacity of Kosovars themselves to improve conditions for investment .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	46	At a time of many calls on the attention and resources of the international community , it is necessary to plan the next steps in the Balkans on the basis of objective analysis . If you keep doing what you have been doing , you will keep getting what you have got . Let us recognize that the strategy of exclusion from Europe together with piecemeal military intervention has been a failure .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	45	The mandate of the Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People for the year 2004 is contained in General Assembly resolutions 58/18 , 58/19 and 58/20 of 3 December 2003 . The Assembly also requested the Committee to continue to keep under review the situation relating to the question of Palestine and to report and make suggestions to the General Assembly , the Security Council or the Secretary-General , as appropriate . It requested the Committee to continue to extend its cooperation and support to Palestinian and other civil society organizations in order to mobilize international solidarity and support for the achievement by the Palestinian people of its inalienable rights and for a peaceful settlement of the question of Palestine , and to involve additional civil society organizations in its work .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	48	Other lawyers in the Prosecution Section assist the superior Senior Prosecutors in the execution of their supervisory responsibility during case preparation and later in proceedings before the Court . The Prosecution Section must also provide a professional case secretary or Case Support Officer to each investigation team to keep all files and documents relevant to a case in order from the very beginning of an investigation until the end of trial proceedings . This case support supplements the activities of the Information and Evidence Unit to manage the information and potential evidence within the Office of the Prosecutor .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	62	`` I knew it all along '' , confessed Arnold with a grin , `` but I just happened to think how much nicer it would be to drop one way up there '' . For a serious young man who plays golf with a serious intensity , Palmer has such an inherent sense of humor that it relieves the strain and keeps his nerves from jangling like banjo strings . Yet he remains the fiercest of competitors .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	60	As to persons living as refugees , activities have been coordinated with UNHCR to determine their status more quickly. In the near future the Directorate-General for Migration and Alien Affairs will once again have a department devoted exclusively to asylum procedures . Such cases will thus be studied separately from other categories of migrants , and asylum cases will be kept in a special section of the records . Furthermore , the training given to the Directorate-General 's staff emphasizes the confidentiality required in this field and the importance of ensuring the safety of asylum-seekers and refugees .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	49	Transport of firearms requires only a Guía de Libre Tránsito , issued by the enforcement authority , which indicates the point of exit and the destination within the national territory . Firearms in transit are also controlled by a Guía de Libre Tránsito , and do not require safe keeping or protection , unless the owners so request the enforcement authority , and the Chilean Carabineros agree to the request . E ) Law enforcement/illegal trafficking
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	6	UNCTAD should : ( a ) Keep under review and monitor developments relating to economic , commercial , legal and infrastructure aspects of electronic commerce affecting international transport services , and analyse the implications thereof for developing countries , and furthermore collect and disseminate this information to member countries . ( b ) Undertake studies on the use of traditional transport documents in international trade , particularly the extent to which negotiable bills of lading are necessary for modern-day international trade , and the extent to which they can be substituted by non-negotiable transport documents , such as sea waybills , and by electronic alternatives .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	22	Arms and ammunition are determined to be kept separately is regularly separated during storing . Antiaircraft defence ( movable ) pieces are kept separately ( firing and launching devices are kept separately ) . In warehouse faculties there are no systems for detection of braking Procedures for determined deficits in warehouses are not in place , but they are defined in Entity military regulations .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	35	Authority and responsibility on property management ( a ) The Registrar is responsible for the management of the property of the Tribunal , including all systems governing its receipt , recording , utilization , safe keeping , maintenance and disposal , including by sale , and shall designate the officials responsible for performing property management functions . ( b ) A summary statement of non-expendable Tribunal property shall be provided to the Auditor not later than three months following the end of the financial period .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	71	The Meeting took note that of the designation of Her Excellency , Clara Inés Vargas of Colombia as Secretary-General of the Second Review Conference and the appointment by the Secretary General of the United Nations of Mr. Peter Kolarov of the United Nations Office for Disarmament Affairs , Geneva Branch , as provisional Executive Secretary of the Second Review Conference . In addition , the President-designate informed the Meeting that in keeping with past practice she had asked Mr. Kerry Brinkert , Director of the Implementation Support Unit , to serve as the President 's Executive Coordinator . The Meeting considered a discussion paper prepared by the President-designate APLC/CONF/2009/PM.1/5 .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	70	Contractual freedom in that respect was desirable and had the beneficial effect of allowing the parties to carry out their business at the lowest possible costs by placing the obligations of loading and unloading on the persons that were best placed to carry them out . It was noted that the draft provision referred in a broad manner to the obligations of article 5.2.1 , which included also carrying , keeping and caring for goods . Wide support was expressed for the suggestion that the carrier should not be able to delegate contractually to the shipper such a broad array of obligations arising from the transport contract .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	8	he asked Leona . `` You want to keep this job , do n't you '' ? He doubted whether she heard him , over the running water .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	74	“ He also stated that the challenge was to begin to implement transformative changes on the ground ; and to kick-start a renewed and irreversible drive to achieve an Israeli-Palestinian agreement , stressing that resolving the Israeli-Palestinian conflict was fundamental to the well-being of both peoples , the region and the world . “ In their interventions , members of the Council reaffirmed their hope that the commitments made by the parties would be kept and stated that the parties must pursue an irreversible effort towards the two-State solution , including by fully implementing commitments on the ground . Council members also voiced their concern about the situation in and around Gaza , including continued arms smuggling into Gaza and continued Hamas rocket fire from Gaza into Israel , as well as Israeli settlement activities undermining the contiguity and viability of the Occupied Palestinian Territory and jeopardizing the two-State solution , and stressed the need for Palestinian reconciliation .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	55	The Board notes that action is ongoing by the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime ( UNODC ) in respect of the following recommendations , which were addressed under the previous name , United Nations International Drug Control Programme ( UNDCP ) . The Board has included comments , where appropriate , and will keep these matters under review . ( a ) Recommendation in paragraph 16 that UNDCP review its administrative and organizational structure to improve its cost-efficiency and effectiveness .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	33	UNOPS will monitor the situation carefully and take steps to lessen the potential impact of the crisis on affected or relevant revenue streams . The `profit margins ' of the organization are deliberately kept quite low ( to provide maximum value to clients ) , even when its `market ' would bear higher overhead percentages . UNOPS will continue to reduce its overhead rates ( currently the global average is 5.3 per cent ) while making sure that revenue earned remains adequate to cover costs and contribute to the operational reserves .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	50	All of the SCU records have been copied and , on 23 May 2006 , UNOTIL took possession of the copies , comprising 112 boxes of hard documents and three hard disk drives of electronic documents , as well as all audiotapes and videotapes of testimonies . The copies are kept in a safe room at the UNOTIL compound and are being stored in sealed containers for shipment to United Nations Headquarters as soon as practicable . On 28 and 30 May 2006 , the Office of the Prosecutor-General of Timor-Leste , which holds original serious crimes records and electronic servers , was ransacked in the course of general civil unrest in Dili .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	86	However , if she is compelled by a judicial ruling to hand over the child , the father who is seeking to take the child must first repay the amount spent on the child 's upkeep. ” It has been proposed that this article should be amended to ensure that the best interests of the child are protected , based on reports by social workers or experts in this field , so that children are not separated from the person who has protected them , in keeping with the Convention on the Rights of the Child . Articles 228 to 251 of the Civil Code regulate the institution of adoption. Article 228 defines the concept : “ Adoption is the legal act of social welfare whereby the adopter takes as his/her own child the minor child of another person .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	57	Lastly , statistical data were compiled on the number of cases prosecuted ( including cases terminated , indictments and judgements ) ; female victims of crimes ( rape , sexual exploitation , sexual harassment and domestic violence ) ; cases of equal-treatment violations ; and cases of trafficking in human beings . The data in question ( kept by the Ministry of Justice ) and the police data formed a comprehensive basis for the national criminal records file . The Government would certainly consider establishing a statistical category for women murdered in connection with domestic violence , should the Committee deem that necessary .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	70	The Government of Liberia reports that the ban on the importation of uncertified rough diamonds and the related ban on the export of Liberian diamonds continue to be vigorously enforced by customs personnel from the Ministry of Finance and security officers of the Ministry of Justice , who are stationed at every port of entry . The Ministry of Lands , Mines and Energy has drafted a certification regime in keeping with the demands of the Security Council and based on the Kimberley Process , wherein a centralized export process is put into place to involve the Ministry of Lands , Mines and Energy , the Ministry of Finance and the Central Bank of Liberia . The ultimate objective of the Government of Liberia in institutionalizing such a system is to enhance transparency and legitimacy in the trade in diamonds in Liberia .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	64	Bearing in mind the need to address the humanitarian situation in Ghajar , the Lebanese Government proposed a solution , namely that the Israeli army fully withdraws from the Lebanese side of Ghajar and that UNIFIL takes over the administrative and humanitarian responsibilities , until such time as the Lebanese army can deploy in the liberated area . In the meantime , LAF will keep a liaison officer in the UNIFIL position in the village . However , Israel continues to delay reaching a solution , thus maintaining a precarious situation which might lead to further escalation .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	36	There should be absolutely no effort to undermine or subordinate any organ 's contribution to , or involvement in , the process . For the sake of humanity , whose trust this Organization was created to keep , the entire United Nations system and its international partners must act together , in a synchronized manner , with full faith in the power of their ability to prevent armed conflicts . Based on this strong conviction , my delegation welcomes the efforts of the Secretary-General to examine and analyse the potential roles of each principal organ of the United Nations , as well as those of other organizations and partners , to forge coordinated policies and strategies .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	51	I hope the Main Committees will continue with the effort they demonstrated in the fifty-fifth session in concluding their work on time . I wish to recall and underline that all meetings must start punctually at 10 a.m. and 3 p.m. , and I personally intend to ensure that we all keep to our commitment taken today . This undertaking also applies to the Secretariat , which must ensure that all documentation in all languages is available on time so that meetings can proceed without any delay .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	43	In keeping with Action # 38 of the Nairobi Action Plan , at least 11 landmine survivors participated in the April 2007 meetings of the Standing Committees , including one who was a member of the delegation of a State Party . In keeping with Action # 39 of the Nairobi Action Plan , at least 17 States Parties included relevant health , rehabilitation , social services or disability professionals in their delegations to the April 2007 meetings of the Standing Committees . In order to make the best possible use of the time dedicated by such experts in the work of the Convention , the Co-Chairs of the Standing Committee on Victim Assistance and Socio-Economic Reintegration organized an ambitious parallel programme during the 23-27 April 2007 meetings of the Standing Committees .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	37	But this program is still facing hindrances as it did not concentrate in its strategy on agricultural development in this region . These obstacles result from the fact that many parties in the rich countries have not kept the numerous promises they made to the Lebanese administration to finance development in this region . Representation and participation in political and public life and at the international level
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	124	It is not easy to divide the political and legal aspects at the advisory opinion of International Court of Justice , however , we can say that the opinion in the legal aspect , relevant to construction of the wall , had obviously specified that the route of the wall chosen by Israel was not necessary , and it is not convincing to achieve security goals . According to the advisory opinion of the Court being a Supreme International Judicial Authority , the wall in its current track associates a serious violation to the Palestinians ' rights , and that the attacks caused by the construction of the wall , can not be justified as of military necessities or requirements of national security or keeping Israel public order . Thus , the International Court of Justice demanded the state of Israel to stop the ongoing construction works , and to demolish and remove constructed parts as being a flagrant violation of international law .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	39	So much for the tiresome facts , as familiar to you , I'm sure , as to the constables and state troopers who followed in your wake . The foregoing , aided by several clues I 'll withhold to keep you on your toes , will pursue you with a tenacity worthy of Inspector Javert , but before they close in , gird yourselves , I repeat , for a vengeance infinitely more pitiless . Fourteen of the sculptures you took posses properties of a most curious and terrifying nature , as you will observe when your limbs begin to wither and your hair falls out in patches .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	36	( d ) A comparison of the treatment afforded to creditors by the plan and what they would otherwise receive in liquidation ; ( e ) The basis upon which the business would be able to keep trading and could be successfully reorganized ; ( f ) Information showing that , having regard to the effect of the plan , [ the assets of the debtor will exceed its liabilities ] [ and that adequate provision has been made for satisfaction of all obligations provided for in the plan ] ; and
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	51	( e ) When the Pre-Trial Chamber issues a summons to appear pursuant to article 58 , paragraph 7 , and intends to set conditions restricting liberty , it shall ascertain the relevant provisions of the national law of the State receiving the summons . In a manner that is in keeping with the national law of the State receiving the summons , the Pre-Trial Chamber shall proceed in accordance with paragraphs ( a ) , ( b ) and ( c ) . If the Pre-Trial Chamber receives information that the person concerned has failed to comply with conditions imposed , it shall proceed in accordance with paragraph ( d ) .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	90	The only contrary action , in the future as in the past , runs the risk of war ; and , now and in the future unlike in the past , any attempt to repel injury and to preserve any particular civilized attainment of mankind or its provisional justice runs some risk of nuclear warfare and the danger that an effect of it will , by human action , render this planet less habitable by the human race . That is why it is so very important that ethical analysis keep clear the problem of decision as to `` permitted '' effects , and not draw back in fright from any conceivable contingency or suffer paralysis of action before possibilities or probabilities unrelated , or not directly morally related , to what we can and may and must do as long as human history endures . Finally , just as no different issues are posed for thoughtful analysis by the foreshortening of time that may yet pass before the end of human life on this earth , but only stimulation and alarm to the imagination , the same thing must be said in connection with the question of what we may perhaps already be doing , by human action , to accelerate this end .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	30	( 4 ) In this last hypothesis , there are various modalities for collaboration between the executive branch and the Parliament . In some cases , the Parliament is merely kept informed of intended reservations - although not always systematically. In others , it must approve all reservations before their formulation or , where only certain treaties are submitted to the Parliament , only those which relate to those treaties .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	15	He asked if there was anything he could do . Andy invented a job to keep him busy , sending him ahead to El Dorado to supervise last minute arrangements . But from Rocco Vecchio , they heard nothing .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	31	By 2005 , urban populations in developing countries will have doubled over today 's figures , to 4 billion . Unfortunately , sanitation and water programmes globally are not geared to keep pace with these shifting and growing populations . Delivery of services by existing water supply systems is increasingly deteriorating .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	38	His face was fuller ; his lips and the usually sharp lines of his jaw had become swollen looking . He breathed now with his mouth open , showing a whitely curving section of lower teeth ; he kept his eyes , with their puffed blurred lids , always lowered , though not , apparently , focusing . Even his neck seemed thicker and therefore shorter .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	55	Moreover , in cases where the parents and the family seriously fail in their duties , ill-treat or neglect the child , the State should intervene to restrict parental authority and the child may be separated from his family when circumstances so require . If the marriage is dissolved , steps should be taken , keeping in view the paramount interest of the children , to give them necessary protection and , so far as is possible , to guarantee personal relations with both parents . parties should provide information on the special measures of protection adopted to protect children who are abandoned or deprived of their family environment in order to enable them to develop in conditions that most closely resemble those characterizing the family environment .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	56	Decides , with respect to the working methods of both the Executive Committee and its Standing Committee that a five-minute time limit shall be applied to statements made under the Executive Committee and Standing Committee agendas ; Decides , notwithstanding the provisions made on observer participation , that the Executive Committee or its Standing Committee shall keep the right exceptionally to declare any Standing Committee meeting or agenda item closed to observer participation ; such decisions will be taken by consensus following a request by one or more delegations to the Chairman who will consult with Executive Committee members ; Further decides that all provisions of Executive Committee 's decision A/AC.96/860 ( paragraph 32 ) not affected by the above shall remain in force , notably those contained in sub-paragraphs ( a ) , ( c ) , ( g ) , ( j ) , ( k ) , ( l ) , ( r ) , ( s ) , ( t ) , ( v ) , ( w ) , ( x ) , ( y ) , ( z ) and ( aa ) through ( jj ) .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	21	We recognize that Israel has a legitimate right to security . However , the barrier is a unilateral act not in keeping with the road map , and we call again on the Government of Israel to halt its construction . At this fragile time , each party must do more towards the re-establishment of trust and continue to explore mutual confidence-building measures .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	52	A total of 154 recipients participated in the programme in the academic year 2001/02 , while 529 students graduated in the period 1995-2001 ; and in the academic year 2000/01 , two students failed . Those awards , while not provided specifically in response to the General Assembly resolution , are in keeping with its spirit and intent . The Government of Switzerland contributed $ 1 , 703 , 581 between 1989 and 1996 and $ 338 , 000 in 1997 to the UNRWA scholarship programme for secondary school graduates .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	37	Rule 110.20 Authority and responsibility on property management ( a ) The Registrar is responsible for the management of the property of the Court , including all systems governing its receipt , recording , utilization , safe keeping , maintenance and disposal , including by sale , and shall designate the officials responsible for performing property management functions . ( b ) A summary statement of non-expendable Court property shall be provided to the Auditor not later than three months following the end of the financial period ( see rule 111.8 ( b ) ( ii ) ) .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	75	On the other hand , the fact that the Council held two special sessions in the first months of its work indicates a difference in its way of analyzing emergency human rights situations , as compared with its predecessor , the Commission . In light of these important advances , it is important to acknowledge that , at this stage of formation , the Council is dealing with special challenges that demand innovative approaches in keeping with the high priority and responsibilities that the States have conferred upon it . More than ever before , we must show our political commitment to its work and to provide the Council with the necessary tools in order that it can carry out the mandate we gave to it barely a few months ago in this very Hall .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	88	The Committee further welcomes the responses of the Government to the report and the measures undertaken to combat ill-treatment , in particular as they relate to children between 10 and 18 . The Committee notes that the Criminal Procedure Code and the Violence in the Family Law are being amended to comply with international standards ; however , it regrets the general lack of information in the State party 's report relating to article 37 and the fact that statistical data on violence in prisons are not systematically kept . The Committee recommends that the State party :
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	49	Having considered the report of the Commission on the work of its thirty-eighth session , Reiterating its concern that activities undertaken by other bodies in the field of international trade law without adequate coordination with the Commission might lead to undesirable duplication of efforts and would not be in keeping with the aim of promoting efficiency , consistency and coherence in the unification and harmonization of international trade law , Reaffirming the mandate of the Commission , as the core legal body within the United Nations system in the field of international trade law , to coordinate legal activities in this field , in particular to avoid duplication of efforts , including among organizations formulating rules of international trade , and to promote efficiency , consistency and coherence in the modernization and harmonization of international trade law , and to continue , through its secretariat , to maintain close cooperation with other international organs and organizations , including regional organizations , active in the field of international trade law ,
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	90	While it was generally felt that the text of subparagraph ( ii ) might need considerable redrafting , it was also felt that the draft instrument should provide for the situation where no specific mode of transport had been stipulated in the contract. Among various possibilities for redrafting subparagraph ( ii ) , it was suggested that article 18 ( 4 ) of the Montreal Convention might provide a useful model . After discussion , the Working Group decided that the second proposal by the small drafting group should be kept for continuation of the discussion at a future session , subject to the relocation of subparagraph ( ii ) in square brackets outside of the definition of “ contract of carriage ” in article 1 ( a ) . The Secretariat was requested to prepare a revised draft , with possible variants , to reflect the various views and concerns expressed .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	30	Can a mother have her minor children included in her passport ? Are there any agreements with religious organizations or hospitals providing for their involvement in certain tasks connected with keeping civil registers ? Do you consider that the services responsible for issuing the above documents in your country are operating satisfactorily and that the central administration has an up-to-date picture of the civil status of the population ?
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	45	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of assistance programmes to the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations decisions relating to decolonization , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling its relevant resolutions ,
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	18	b The beneficiary could not attend the twenty-eighth session of the Working Group . His grant will be kept pending for his participation at the twenty-ninth session . c The beneficiary could not attend the twenty-eighth session of the Working Group and was replaced by Dorothee Grosskraumbach .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	63	He further noted that , during the first session of the National Convention , delegates from eight groups had offered suggestions on 11 chapters concerning “ the delineation of the legislature ” , which were compiled by the Panel of Chairmen for the detailed formulation of basic principles . He added that it had been possible to reach agreement in that regard in keeping with the six main objectives for convening the National Convention . At the same briefing , Lieutenant-General Thein Sein detailed the modus operandi of the next session of the National Convention .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	55	Welcomes , in this regard , the accession by New Caledonia to the status of observer in the Pacific Islands Forum , continuing high-level visits to New Caledonia by delegations from countries of the Pacific region and high-level visits by delegations from New Caledonia to countries members of the Pacific Islands Forum ; Decides to keep under continuous review the process unfolding in New Caledonia as a result of the signing of the Nouméa Accord ; Requests the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples to continue to examine the question of the Non-Self-Governing Territory of New Caledonia and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its sixtieth session .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	55	As another well-known writer has argued , all cultures are involved in one another , none is single and pure , all are hybrid , heterogeneous , extraordinarily differentiated and unmonolithic . No one can deny cultural geographies and differences in languages , but there seems to be no reason except fear and prejudice to keep on insisting on their separation and distinctiveness . Recognizing that will go a long way towards harnessing the dialogue among civilizations as a means to create a future of peace and prosperity for all .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	17	Climate change is one . Another is the danger of global pandemics , which must also be kept high on our agenda . The late Director-General of the World Health Organization ( WHO ) , Lee Jong-wook , once said that a new global pandemic was not a question of “ whether ” but of “ when ” .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	26	Under variant A , the signature would not be valid unless “ a method ” were used to identify the signatory . If this provision were kept in its current form , it could imperil practices such as the exchange of contractual documents by fax . Under variant B , the requirement for a signature is met if “ a data message ” bears “ an electronic signature … which is as reliable as was appropriate … ” .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	40	Public servants were classified in the 1999 Household Income and Expenditure Survey as being in a state of absolute poverty . Adequate wages are essential to attract and retain qualified personnel in the Public Service while at the same time keeping its wage bill at a level that is fiscally sustainable . Significant increases to 2000-2001 in wages and salaries for Public Servants were awarded based on arbitration and the Armstrong Award .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	34	Whenever there is an incoming or outgoing item , the change is registered in the books , based on the filling in and signing of special form . The more detailed qualitative account is kept in the individual technical documentation ( form , passport ) of the given item . The second level ( military unit level ) controls the transfer of items between the sub-units and keeps records of the overall quantities within the unit ( both in the sub-units and in the unit 's storage facility ) .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	50	These weapons come mostly from outside sources and greatly endanger the social order and stability of China . Thanks to the drastic measures taken by the competent authorities , the number of smuggled firearms has shown a trend of gradual decrease in the past two years and has since been kept at a relatively low level . Possible measures to combat illicit trafficking in small arms
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	43	The Chief of the Human Resource Management Section should take appropriate measures to ensure that all personnel decisions are in line with established policies and procedures and are properly reflected in staff members ' personal files . Records of personnel actions should be kept and monitored for compliance ( para . ESCWA management does not agree with this recommendation or the related paragraph .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	43	Although these figures are very high in comparison with the EU and the neighbouring countries ' average , they are likely to be underestimates since maternal deaths are reported only from maternities and birthing centres . Even in this case , poor record keeping remains a serious problem . For instance , the death of women suffering from complications during delivery and moved to the emergency ward for treatment is not included in maternal mortality figures .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	38	Considerable progress has been made in the last two years to modernize the University by installing administrative , financial and auditing systems that meet international standards . A complete academic administrative system has been created to register and keep track of current as well as prospective students . In March 2002 , the University was evaluated for one week by a mission of four experts from the Government of Germany .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	94	While there were expressions of support for Variant A , which expressly allowed the carrier to refuse to carry out instructions that carried an additional expense , loss or damage to the carrier or to any other goods on the same voyage , a strong preference was expressed in the Working Group for Variant B of draft paragraph 57 ( 1 ) . Following specific discussion regarding Variant B of draft paragraph 57 ( 1 ) , the Working Group decided to delete reference to the performing party in subparagraph ( c ) in keeping with its previous decision to exclude performing parties from the right of control provisions . In addition , a drafting suggestion was made to merge subparagraphs ( b ) and ( c ) , since their content was thought to be quite similar .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	37	In 2002 , in Monterrey , the United States also agreed with our United Nations partners to provide more aid to countries taking the essential steps to help their own people make development progress . We have kept our promise . In Monterrey , President Bush announced a path-breaking programme , the Millennium Challenge Corporation ( MCC ) .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	41	The latter was agreed at the twenty-ninth meeting of the Staff-Management Coordination Committee in 2008 . Generic vacancy announcements will be advertised for 60 days to enable the creation of viable rosters that yield sufficient numbers of qualified candidates , in keeping with General Assembly resolution 59/266 . Should the need for more candidates arise , the vacancy announcements may be reissued or extended .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	64	The Chairman remarked that as at 15 July 2001 , 35 Parties had ratified or acceded to the Kyoto Protocol , the most recent being the Gambia . The Chairman explained that , in order to allow delegations to focus on the important tasks of the resumed sixth session of the Conference of the Parties ( COP ) , the provisional agenda had been kept to a minimum . organizational matters
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	109	Further requests the Special Unit for TCDC , in collaboration with other partners in the field of science and technology , taking into consideration the Seoul Accord and the recommendations emanating from the thematic discussion on science and technology , to catalyse TCDC programmes specifically designed to enhance exchanges and the sharing of knowledge and information on science and technology , including technology development , applied technology , information and communication technology , bio-technology , electronics , renewable energy and traditional technologies . Further requests the Administrator of UNDP to consider allocating a portion of TRAC resources as well as additional resources for South-South cooperation and TCDC activities in keeping with the increased focus of South-South cooperation in the UNDP Business Plan and also to ensure that TCDC TRAC supported activities are adequately reflected in ROARs and included in his report to the thirteenth session of the High-level Committee . Commends the evolving economic cooperation between African and Asian countries in the context of effective follow-up to the Tokyo International Conference on African Development ( TICAD ) .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	19	When the first sprinkling of green appears I remove the board . A light , porous mulch applied now keeps the roots cool and the soil soft during these early days of growth . I like sawdust for this , or hay .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	29	Only the last one was observed , except in the fighting between MLC and RCD . In spite of everything , the belligerents have , on the whole , kept to the positions they held in August 1999 . The Lusaka agreement provided for the deployment of a United Nations force — the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo ( MONUC ) — of some 5 , 537 observers and security personnel in the territory in conflict and for the demobilization and disarming of the armed groups .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-eighth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo ” . 79th plenary meeting 23 December 2003
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	26	Here again , we ask our traditional partners to give substantial support to our peace efforts . Promises have been made that we hope will be kept in the near future . Indeed , the repatriation of refugees , the resettlement of displaced persons and the rebuilding of damaged infrastructure will require substantial financial resources .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	52	“ The Council encourages the Secretary-General and the European Union to continue to collaborate with the African Union and regional stakeholders in support of the ongoing process of improving the security situation in the Sudan , Chad and the Central African Republic . “ The Council requests the Secretary-General to continue to keep it closely informed of the preparations for each element of the multidimensional presence , including further details on the structure , modalities and force levels . “ The Council welcomes the signing on 13 August 2007 at N'Djamena of the Political Agreement for the reinforcement of the democratic process in Chad .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	44	In the view of France , the title selected by the Commission is too general . It would be preferable to give this part the title “ Act giving rise to the international responsibility of a State ” , which would be more in keeping with the content of chapters II and III concerning what constitutes an act giving rise to responsibility , namely , conduct attributable to a State which is wrongful under international law . Chapter I General principles
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	23	His delegation welcomed UNIDO 's efforts to decentralize . The agreement signed with the United Nations Development Programme ( UNDP ) was in keeping with the spirit of reform in the United Nations system. It would extend the range of UNIDO 's technical cooperation projects and promote synergies between the two organizations . His delegation appreciated the effective work done by the informal advisory group on decentralization .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	23	Consequently , the implementation of the agenda of the International Conference on Population and Development is vital in the HIV/AIDS response . In keeping with the UNAIDS division of labour , UNFPA is leading efforts to strengthen prevention and sexual and reproductive health linkages , including with respect to reproductive-health-commodity security , condom programming , the prevention of gender-based violence , HIV and sex work , and the prevention of infection in women , including pregnant women and young people , and to strengthen the response to HIV/AIDS in the context of uniformed services and humanitarian crises . UNFPA is working in close collaboration with Governments to strengthen and integrate reproductive health and HIV services .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	60	The UNDP contribution to the 204 projects exceeded $ 34 million , of which 36 per cent related to the pass-through funding modality ; 39 per cent to pooled funding , and 19 per cent to parallel funding , with a further 6 per cent combining of the funding modalities . To date , the use of non-core resources has kept UNDP resources in joint programmes low . However , as the number of joint programmes increases , and as they increasingly address strategic UNDAF results , the proportion of UNDP resources in joint programmes will rise .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	40	This enormous amount of money is more difficult to raise with the United States dollar at its current levels . With investment in short supply , lending institutions will be unable to cover the shortfall in demand for liquidity to keep the economic cycle going . This will lead to a fall-off in consumption , with a resulting disparity between supply and demand that will be directly reflected as a recession in the industrial and service sectors , causing a rise in unemployment .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	70	RS , 13/93 ) , which provides that a trade union becomes a legal person on the day of issue of a decision depositing the statutes or other basic act . The statutes of trade unions for the territory of municipalities or wider local communities , and of unions in companies , institutes and other organizations and at employers and State bodies , municipality bodies and wider local communities are kept by the administrative bodies competent in the first instance for the area of labour . Union statutes for the territory of the State , for several municipalities or wider local communities , branches , activities and trades are kept by the ministry responsible for labour ( Ministry of Labour , Family and Social Affairs ) .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	50	The Council finalized its consideration of interest on awards and adopted decision 243 ( S/AC.26/Dec.243 ( 2005 ) ) concerning this issue . With respect to the matter of claims preparation costs , the Council referred the issue to a future informal meeting of the Working Group and decided to keep it on the Council 's agenda . The Council referred the issue of audit review to an informal meeting of the Working Group , and kept the matter on its agenda .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	46	All accredited stakeholders are invited to attend the drafting sessions ; although only representatives of Governments and of the three major institutional stakeholders will be permitted to participate in the discussion , following the practice used in the preparatory phase for the Monterrey Conference . In keeping with previous practice , stakeholders are welcome to make available in writing any contributions they deem appropriate , which should be addressed to the Co-Facilitators , with a copy to the Financing for Development Office , indicating their wish to have them posted on the Financing for Development Web site . Forthcoming official meetings
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	36	However , one thing is certain : specific individuals were convicted for specific crimes . That is precisely the reason why Serbia will continue to fully cooperate with the Hague Tribunal , and why we will keep doing everything in our power to arrest and bring before the Court the two remaining indictees at large , namely , Goran Hadzic and Ratko Mladic . Today , nine years after the fall of Milosevic , Serbia is a modern European democracy that poses no threat to anyone .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	53	With respect to the matter of claims preparation costs , the Council referred the issue to a future informal meeting of the Working Group and decided to keep it on the Council 's agenda . The Council referred the issue of audit review to an informal meeting of the Working Group , and kept the matter on its agenda . After considering the issue of the phasing out of the Compensation Commission in the light of an information note prepared by the secretariat , dated 11 November 2004 , and further information provided by the secretariat , the Council noted with approval the proposal made in the information note concerning the work of the Commission in the period 2006-2007 , and that the secretariat is preparing a budget proposal for the biennium 2006-2007 on that basis , to be submitted to the Council prior to the June 2005 session .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	58	The same practice had occurred in the case of other entities of the United Nations system and he urged host countries to ensure the expeditious processing of visas so that inspectors had speedy access to all of the offices of the participating organizations . Ms. Shah ( United States of America ) requested that the item should be kept open so that her delegation could comment on the report of JIU at a later stage . Mr. Gorita ( Chairman of the Joint Inspection Unit ) thanked delegations for their encouraging statements about the progress achieved .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	49	Pursuant to the 7MSP agreement that the President and the Co-Chairs and Co-Rapporteurs of the Standing Committees would jointly prepare analyses of the requests submitted , the States Parties mandated to prepare these analyses met for the first time on 11 March 2008 and several times thereafter . In keeping with the Convention 's practice of transparency , all States Parties were notified of the working methods agreed to by the States Parties mandated to prepare analyses and chair 's summaries of meetings were made available on the Convention 's website . In addition , in accordance with the decisions of the 7MSP , the States Parties were notified by the 8MSP President of the receipt of requests and all requests were made openly available on the Convention 's website .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	43	The Committee has learned of recent Supreme Court decisions that appear to take the existence of that decree-law into account , particularly in reducing the applicable penalties for serious crimes committed during the dictatorship ( art . The Committee recommends that , in keeping with its earlier recommendations , the State party abrogate the Amnesty Decree-Law . The Committee draws the State party 's attention to paragraph 5 of its general comment No. 2 on the implementation of article 2 of the Convention by States parties , wherein it considers that amnesties or other impediments which preclude or indicate unwillingness to provide prompt and fair prosecution and punishment of perpetrators of torture or ill-treatment violate the principle of non-derogability .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	30	We are very thankful . But because we know that the Council is engaged in making East Timor a successful case , I urge the members of the Council to keep the peacekeeping mission in our country . We understand that a mission such as this would have to be downsized after independence is declared .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	22	However , many developing countries are still far from achieving those Goals . That is why we call on rich countries to keep their promises to finance development in the developing world . The Arab-Israeli conflict is a source of tension and a threat to international peace and security in a vital and sensitive region of the world .
keep%2:35:10::	keep.v	29	His brother was the chairman of Musavat in the Oghuz region . 2.2 On account of his participation in a demonstration on 12 September 1998 he was arrested and kept in custody for three days . He was beaten badly by military staff and police both during the demonstration and in detention , and sustained injuries on his back and kidneys .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	19	This structure , therefore , is the Ministry 's focal point for the subject . In addition , in keeping with its international commitments under 24 agreements and protocols directly or indirectly relating to international terrorism and in pursuance of the relevant Security Council resolutions ( see above , III ( i ) and ( ii ) ) , Morocco has established contact points for information exchange to combat terrorism . Thus , the Moroccan security services are in constant contact with counter-terrorism services throughout the world via direct links , so as to guarantee the rapid and efficient exchange of operational information with other States , should the need arise .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	42	The Board also noted that the vendor had been selected as a sole-source contractor without an adequate market survey being conducted by the Department of Field Support and the Procurement Division . Therefore , the award of the contract was not in keeping with the principle of transparency . The justification of the Department of Field Support to select the vendor was that it was “ the only contractor on the ground in Darfur with the capability to support the deployment in a timely manner ” .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	86	Although we are encouraged by the latest developments in Burundi and the Democratic Republic of the Congo and by the direct talks between Rwanda and Uganda to defuse situations before they become explosive , we consider that peace and security in Africa deserve the closer involvement of the international community , particularly in making available adequate financial resources . We expect early and full deployment of the third phase of the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo ( MONUC ) in keeping with the Security Council resolutions , and we support the inter-Congolese dialogue . We are grateful to African leaders like former President Nelson Mandela , President Moi and former President Masire for their commitment to ridding Africa of conflicts and to paving the way for an African economic take-off .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	23	Section 211 of the 1999 United States Omnibus Consolidated and Emergency Supplemental Appropriations Act and further trademark-related violations The United States Government has kept in force Section 211 of the Omnibus Consolidated and Emergency Supplemental Appropriations Act , under which Cuban owners and their heirs , including foreign companies with interests in Cuba , are denied the recognition and enjoyment , on United States territory , of their rights to trademarks or trade names that are registered and protected in Cuba , on the grounds that they are associated with former properties nationalized by the Cuban Government . The application of Section 211 has very negative bilateral and multilateral implications .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	46	France and Denmark ( on behalf of the Nordic countries ) do not question the substance of paragraph 3 , but consider that it would be better dealt with in a separate provision . Indeed Denmark supports a more general redrafting of article 47 , in keeping with a “ cautious approach ” aimed at limiting the entitlement of resorting to countermeasures . It thus proposes to merge articles 47 to 49 into a single article entitled “ Conditions of resort to countermeasures ” , which would first state that resort to countermeasures is unlawful unless some conditions are fulfilled , and then go on with the enumeration of the relevant conditions .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	72	Regrettably , I can not report progress towards overcoming the obstacles to the implementation of the settlement plan . I do believe , however , that substantial progress has been made towards determining whether the Government of Morocco as the administrative power in Western Sahara is prepared to offer or support some devolution of authority for all the inhabitants and former inhabitants of the Territory that is genuine , substantial and in keeping with international norms . Because that progress has been made , my Personal Envoy has recommended that the mandate of MINURSO be extended for a period of two months , until 30 June 2001 , to provide time to consult further with the parties , either separately or at a meeting of the parties , or both , concerning both a possible devolution of authority as described above and a possible solution to the problems with the implementation of the settlement plan .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	55	The situation of the eligibility of women wishing to return to the labour force for retraining after maternity or parental leave had been changed by the latest amendment to the Employment Act in May 2002 . It was difficult to gather statistics on how many Roma women were employed because the labour offices did not keep records by ethnic minority . Recording ethnic origin , unless it was self-identified , was considered a violation of privacy under Czech law .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	63	Australia hoped that Israel and the Palestinian Authority would end the tragic loss of life and injury on both sides by implementing the Quartet 's road map to a permanent two-State solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict . While confronting terrorism and separatism , Indonesia must remain committed to effective civil governance that respected the human rights of all citizens , and it should keep open channels of dialogue on special autonomy arrangements . Indonesia must be urged to bring to justice those responsible for human rights abuses in East Timor .
keep%2:40:09::	keep.v	39	We have been forced to ask ourselves if a pro-development trade regime is something the international community really wants . Our neighbours in the Caribbean Community ( CARICOM ) have been dragged through brutal trade battles , struggling to keep alive their agricultural sector , namely , the banana and sugar industries . The Caribbean Community has for years been lamenting the importance of those two sectors to the livelihood of our people .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	40	With regard to the implications of action 2 for the Technical Cooperation Programme , the OHCHR Policy Review Board discussed and adopted a concept paper enumerating ways in which the Programme could support UNCTs . The Board of Trustees has kept the issue on its agenda at its recent sessions . The United Nations reform programme represents an important and historical development concerning human rights work .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	34	In this spirit , we firmly committed ourselves to the path of peace and national reconciliation . I must recall , however , that I considered it important to conduct this process in strict keeping with both the Constitution , the keystone of our institutions , and the commitments undertaken by the political parties and the rebel movements . In this respect , I must stress the share of sacrifices that I myself agreed to bear by immediately dismissing the serving Prime Minister and his Government , with whom , it bears repeating , I found no fault .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	23	It was noted that none of the human rights treaties providing for an inquiry procedure included such a reference . Egypt mentioned that keeping the bracketed text would clarify the competence of the Committee . If an inquiry procedure were included , several delegates proposed the addition of “ where applicable ” or other similar wording to the bracketed text to reflect the optional character of this procedure .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	30	In this regard , I would like to commend all six Presidents of 2006 for their new initiative of focused in-depth debates . I would certainly encourage the Presidents to keep up the good work , in the hope that amidst the extensive discussions we may find a breakthrough . The failures of the NPT Review Conference and the United Nations World Summit last year to produce any advances for non-proliferation and disarmament were deeply disappointing .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	66	All those terms are understood as denoting the centre of management and control , the real business centre , from which in fact , not as a matter of form , the important activities of an entity are controlled and ultimate decisions at the highest level are actually made . In this regard , the place where most assets are located or books and records are kept is irrelevant . To the extent that the day-to-day management of the affairs and operations of an entity is conducted from a place other than the place of central administration , the place of central administration remains decisive .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	16	The goals he set epitomized the interests of the people . Our major accomplishments were in keeping with the spirit of the people , and were heartily embraced by every citizen of Turkmenistan . Mr. Niyazov restored and successfully developed the nearly moribund spiritual and cultural life of our people , of which we are so proud : its glorious history , its priceless literary heritage , its ancient mother tongue and its illustrious ceremonies and traditions .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	47	Concerning the closure of Russian schools she said that the Russian population had greatly decreased since Turkmenistan 's independence , owing solely to the fact that the Russian presence had been mostly made up of military contingents . After their withdrawal there had been no need to keep open many of the schools . However , Russian continued to be taught in all educational institutions and there were some 1 , 700 schools where teaching was conducted in both Russian and Turkmen .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	17	The Board found several exceptions . First , the retirement date was not included within case files kept by the Department , on contractual translators recruited , hindering a first-level inspection . Second , in the absence of integration of the information and management at Headquarters with that for offices away from Headquarters , the Department for General Assembly and Conference Management could not be aware of the total amount of remuneration paid by the United Nations to retired translators .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	56	Reiterates its request to the Committee on Conferences to consult with those bodies that consistently utilized less than the applicable benchmark figure of their allocated resources for the past three sessions with a view to making appropriate recommendations in order to achieve the optimum utilization of conference-servicing resources ; Requests duty stations away from Headquarters to keep statistics of requests for servicing of meetings ; Reiterates that meetings of Charter and mandated bodies must be serviced as a priority ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	60	We agree with the analysis that the success of the first seven goals hinges on the fulfilment of the commitments of goal eight , dealing with equitable trade , greater debt relief and larger official development assistance flows to developing countries . To achieve the Millennium Development Goals , words must be translated into deeds and commitments made must be kept . It is not enough just to set targets .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	30	The question arose whether the time had come to confine the State 's discretionary power within narrower bounds . The view was also expressed that it was not appropriate to keep the phrase declaring that the right to exercise diplomatic protection was of a discretionary nature , since some might argue that such language precluded States from enacting internal legislation that obliged States to protect their nationals . ( c ) Concluding remarks by the Special Rapporteur
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	14	As you know , progress has been uneven . Not all promises have been kept , but we have made enough progress to know that achieving the MDGs is within our reach . At the high-level event , I shall bring together a new coalition , made up of Governments , non-governmental organizations , and leaders of the private sector and religious and philanthropic groups .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	38	The total amount of official development assistance provided by the countries of the Development Assistance Committee ( DAC ) in 1997 was approximately 0.22 per cent of these countries ' gross national product . Only four countries have kept their promises to increase their level of aid above the 0.7 per cent of gross national product proposed by international consensus . If every country had kept its promise , the resources thus mobilized would have been sufficient to eradicate extreme poverty .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	39	A drilling contractor has been selected and the relevant contract signed . The contractor is now at the mobilization stage to carry out well drilling at the selected 42 sites , giving priority to critical team sites , in keeping with the deployment plan of the Mission and the security situation at the respective sites . Department responsible : Department of Peacekeeping Operations and Department of Field Support
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	106	The Committee strongly urges the State party to take appropriate action progressively to raise the minimum wage and thus enable wage-earners to meet their families ' essential needs . The Committee strongly urges the State party to repeal Ordinance No. 69-14 of 19 June 1969 concerning the exercise of the right to strike , and recommends that the State party restrict bans on the right to strike to essential services , in conformity with ILO Convention No. 87 ( 1948 ) concerning the freedom of association and protection of the right to organize and , in the case of civil servants , to those responsible for keeping order . The Committee recommends that the State party take whatever action is necessary to reduce the proportion of the population working in the informal sector and ensure that the social security system offers workers adequate coverage and minimum pensions .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	39	This development will have potentially serious negative implications on security in the region as well as the reliability of the global non-proliferation regime . The Ministers expressed their support for the efforts of the Arab Group in Vienna to keep the question of the Israeli Nuclear capabilities under considerations of the General Conference of the IAEA at its 52nd Session . The Ministers underscored the Movement 's principled position concerning non-use or threat of use of force against the territorial integrity of any State .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	62	It was considered that in the future there should be an obligation among Security Council members to contribute more actively to peacekeeping operations . It was also proposed to look into the question of judicial review of cases of broad disagreements between members of the Security Council and the wider membership on whether a decision was ultra vires , or was in keeping within the mandate of the Security Council . Several delegations argued that the Security Council had assumed a norm or standard-setting role that was not foreseen in the Charter , by engaging in such activities as the establishment of the Counter-Terrorism Committee , ad hoc tribunals and most recently on the non-proliferation of weapons of mass destruction .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	74	Statement on the Democratic Republic of the Congo issued on 18 March 2004 by the Presidency on behalf of the European Union The European Union continues to be firmly committed to peace and stability in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and in the entire Great Lakes region in general. It commends the efforts made hitherto by the transition authorities to this end. It calls on the Congolese authorities to ensure that their actions keep within the letter and the spirit of the resolutions adopted by the inter-Congolese dialogue , the Global and All-Inclusive Agreement and the Transitional Constitution and to speed up the decision-taking process and the necessary reforms with a view to stabilizing the country as soon as possible . It urges those who have not yet embraced this rationale to forswear disorder and violence and unite in a common aim of peace and stability for the benefit of all citizens of the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	43	Recommendations of interest to UNDP UNDP is one of the organizations concerned by the JIU report and all the recommendations expressed in the report are considered as interesting and as valuable working references for further development of policies and procedures to attract and keep young candidates for professional positions . Comments by UNDP
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	72	The said law stipulates that holders of the right to own and hold arms and ammunition shall be citizens of the Republic of Lithuania , natural and legal entities registered in the Republic of Lithuania . Citizens of the Republic of Lithuania can acquire , keep and carry civil arms of limited civil circulation subject to a permit , issued in accordance with procedure established by the Government , to acquire , keep and carry arms of limited civil circulation for the purposes of hunting ; sports ; security ( self-defense and protection of property ) ; professional activity ; establishing , storing or augmenting of a collection of usable arms ; also for other purposes provided they do not contradict the existing laws . Sale , manufacture and repair of arms , also manufacture and sale of ammunition on the territory of the Republic of Lithuania are only allowed subject to a license issued in accordance with procedure established by the Government .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	32	If we could use all the small airfields we have in this country , we could disperse our strategic aircraft by a factor of 10 or more . Use nuclear propulsions to keep our long-range military aircraft in the air for the majority of their useful life . Using very high thrust-to-weight ratio engines , develop a vertical-takeoff-and-landing ( VTOL ) long-range military aircraft .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	45	( b ) Changes to geographical distribution by expanding the base figure and population so as to include groups of staff that do not currently have geographic status . In this scenario the weight of the factors ( membership , population and contribution ) is kept constant at the current levels. Simulations were conducted using the following population base : ( i ) Staff in the Professional and higher categories under the regular budget ;
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	57	Calls upon the Board of Trustees of the Fund to report to the Commission at its fifty-eighth session and present an updated assessment of the global need for international funding of rehabilitation services for victims of torture and of lessons and best practices learned from the activities of the Fund ; Requests the Secretary-General to continue to keep the Commission informed of the operations of the Fund on an annual basis ; Urges States parties whose arrears pre-date the provision made by the Secretary-General for funding the Committee against Torture from the regular budget to fulfil their obligations forthwith ;
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	29	In conclusion , despite the difficulties , there are signs of progress . It seems to me that what is clear to the Council is that we have to keep the faith in recognizing the vital need to continue to address this issue , make progress and take every opportunity that we can find — all of us — to continue to work for the comprehensive peace and understanding that have been set out so many times in resolutions by the Council . Ms. Løj ( Denmark ) : Let me start by thanking the Special Coordinator , Mr. De Soto , for his briefing to us today .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	46	Stresses the need to apply and further develop indicators on means of implementation to evaluate progress towards conference goals in creating an enabling environment for development ; Calls upon the United Nations funds and programmes , the functional and regional commissions and the specialized agencies to keep under review the full range of indicators used in their reports and information networks , with full participation and ownership of Member States , with a view to avoiding duplication , as well as ensuring the transparency , consistency and reliability of these indicators ; Stresses the importance of building statistical capacity in all countries , including through statistical training , and of effective international support in this context for developing countries ; and urges countries , the United Nations funds and programmes , the Secretariat , bilateral funding agencies , the Bretton Woods institutions and regional funding agencies to mobilize the required resources and coordinate their efforts to support national statistical capacity-building in developing countries , in particular in least developed countries ;
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	25	Organization of work In section II.A , paragraph 20 , of its resolution 57/283 B , the General Assembly encouraged the Committee on Conferences to keep under continued review the procedures for the participation of observers in the work of the Committee . Adoption of the report
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	123	Recalls that in paragraph 9 of its resolution 55/231 , the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to ensure that , in presenting the programme budget , expected accomplishments and , where possible , indicators of achievement are included to measure achievements in the implementation of the programmes of the Organization and not those of individual Member States ; Notes that some indicators of achievement reflected in the budgets and budget performance reports appear to measure the performance of Member States , and requests the Secretary-General to ensure that the purpose of the indicators of achievement is not to assess the performance of Member States but , where possible , to reflect the contributions by peacekeeping missions to the expected accomplishments and objectives in keeping with their respective mandates ; Requests the Secretary-General to submit his future budget proposals in full compliance with its resolution 55/231 ;
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	33	Where that is not possible , the woman worker is entitled to 80 % of the wage she was earning previously for evening or night work . Women have no direct right to keep their jobs during pregnancy and after confinement . However , since changing jobs implies a change of work contract , they do have this right indirectly during the period in which they are protected against dismissal .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	73	There is wide variation in national systems for regulating the manufacture of small arms and light weapons , their parts and components , ammunition and explosives , and associated technologies and services , and in most countries such activities are well regulated . However , in some States , there are problems of insufficient State control , licensing or authorization of the manufacture of such goods , and of the stockpiles of arms kept by manufacturers and dealers . There are gaps in some States ' laws .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	46	While the ultimate outcome of the effort of the past four and a half years has not been a success , a great deal has nevertheless been achieved . Those achievements should be built upon , and a number of elements put in place , to keep alive the prospects of reconciliation and reunification in the future . The Security Council , which has so strongly backed the Secretary-General 's efforts , has an important role to play in that regard .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	68	( aa ) Identical letters dated 21 November 2005 from the representative of Israel to the Secretary-General and the President of the Security Council ( A/60/563-S/2005/731 ) . Pursuant to paragraph 19 of General Assembly resolution 59/46 , the Committee , at its 1st meeting , on 3 October , established a working group with a view to finalizing the draft comprehensive convention on international terrorism and to keep on its agenda the question of convening a high-level conference under the auspices of the United Nations to formulate a joint organized response of the international community to terrorism in all its forms and manifestations . At the same meeting , the Committee re-elected Rohan Perera ( Sri Lanka ) as the Chairman of the Working Group ( A/C.6/60/SR.1 ) .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	18	• to inspect and scrutinize necessary evidence and documents in carrying out customer due diligence . • to keep financial transaction records and related documents for at least a period of five years . Furthermore , the Central Bank of Myanmar has issued a Directive dated 30 January 2004 , instructing the Banks and Financial Institutions that opening of new customer 's account must be properly introduced by two customers with existing accounts at the bank .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	45	The organization 's activities include lobbying for contributions to provide basic amenities such as food and clothing and pharmaceuticals to its target group . The greatest challenge for the JAS has been its very limited financial resource base , which has led to difficulty in keeping the doors of its hospice open . HIV/AIDS and the Law
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	19	Requests the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly on this matter at its fifty-eighth session ; Decides to keep the matter under review and to include in the provisional agenda of its fifty-eighth session a sub-item entitled “ Preventing and combating corrupt practices and transfer of funds of illicit origin and returning such assets to the countries of origin ” under the item entitled “ Sectoral policy questions ” . Report of the International Conference on Financing for Development , Monterrey , Mexico , 18-22 March 2002 ( United Nations publication , Sales No .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	17	Rule 41 Sound recordings of meetings of the Conference and of all committees shall be made and kept in accordance with the practice of the United Nations . Unless otherwise decided by the Main Committee concerned , no such recordings shall be made of the meetings of a subsidiary body thereof .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	76	Similarly , another representative encouraged the Commission to continue to study the general and specific rules applicable to the various types of unilateral acts and to build upon that in order to draft a complete and coherent set of rules on the matter . Regardless of whether or not it is possible to elaborate rules common to all unilateral acts , whatever their form and legal effects , consideration of the matter will be approached in keeping with the suggestions made by the majority of Commission members in 2002 . It is not a question of preparing a new theoretical study on the institution of recognition , which has been sufficiently examined by legal writers , but rather of examining the matter in the light of the considerations put forward on the topic of unilateral acts of States in general , in the Commission .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	36	In that same resolution , the Secretary-General had been encouraged to work further towards identifying resources from possible reductions in administration and other overhead costs for transfer to the Development Account . The Secretariat continued to keep the funding of the Development Account under active consideration regarding future opportunities for increasing resources and was conducting an analysis of best practices within the Secretariat , with a view to identifying options for increasing the resources for the Development Account . Mr. Kelapile ( Vice-Chairman of the Advisory Committee for Administrative and Budgetary Questions ) , said that the Advisory Committee was disappointed that the report of the Secretary-General had not provided any options for tangible , predictable and sustainable funding for the Development Account , despite the concerns expressed by the General Assembly in its resolution 62/238 .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	33	• Agreement of the University of the Republic , a commitment to deal with gender issues through various measures . • COFE agreement , inclusion in the framework agreement of a commitment to keep working on this issue . In the private agreements :
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	48	The importance of transparency in export controls was widely recognized . It was reaffirmed that nothing in the Treaty should be interpreted as affecting the inalienable right of all parties to the Treaty to develop research , production and the use of nuclear energy for peaceful purposes in keeping with the non-proliferation obligations of articles I and II of the Treaty . States parties noted the importance of combating nuclear terrorism and strongly supported existing IAEA initiatives in that regard .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	79	Agreeing that an active and flourishing civil society is essential to the political process , and welcoming all efforts to promote bicommunal contacts and events , including on the part of all United Nations bodies on the island , and urging the two sides to promote the active engagement of civil society and the encouragement of cooperation between economic and commercial bodies and to remove all obstacles to such contacts , Reaffirming the importance of the Secretary-General continuing to keep the operations of the Force under close review while continuing to take into account developments on the ground and the views of the parties , and reverting to the Council with recommendations , as appropriate , for further adjustments to the mandate , force levels and concept of operation of the Force as soon as warranted , Welcoming the appointment of Mr. Tayé-Brook Zerihoun as the new Special Representative of the Secretary-General in Cyprus , and echoing the Secretary-General 's appreciation for the work of the previous Special Representative , Mr. Michael Møller ,
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	15	Financial and fiscal incentives Often financial and fiscal incentives are needed to enable SMEs to keep up their cash flow or to assist disadvantaged enterprises in rural areas or in distressed sectors . Among the incentives that may be considered are :
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	51	The aim of the mandate expressly given to the Special Rapporteur is therefore to transcend any legal duality in order to take account of the implementation of international commitments , beyond the formal aspects of treaty law , focusing on the actual nature of human rights . This approach is in keeping with the underlying aims of the Charter of the United Nations , which seeks to “ achieve international cooperation … in promoting and encouraging respect for human rights and for fundamental freedoms for all … ” ( Art . 1 , para. In the same spirit , Article 55 expressly mentions “ universal respect for , and observance of , human rights and fundamental freedoms for all … ” , while States pledge themselves , in the following Article , “ to take joint and separate action in cooperation with the Organization ” ( Art .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	26	- prevented from working due to voluntary tissue and organ donation . Records related to the exercising of all the rights of health care insurance are kept by the Fund for health care insurance . By this law , the following do not participate personally in the costs of health care protection :
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	50	In this regard , I would like to reaffirm Japan 's firm belief that it is the common understanding of all States parties to the NPT that this “ unequivocal undertaking ” was already made at the 2000 NPT Review Conference . We also believe that it is necessary to keep stressing the importance of this undertaking . In this regard , we are of the view that last year 's resolution , which only welcomed this “ unequivocal undertaking ” in the preambular part , was not strong enough .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	44	In some cases , military agencies were also listed because they had specific responsibilities in the area of bomb disposal , even in cases not otherwise associated with the military . All but three of the 35 responding States indicated that statistical information was kept , but the majority ( 22 of 35 ) indicated that it was not publicly available , and others cited limits on the disclosure of the information for technical , security or other reasons . Of these States , however , most were able to provide at least some information in response to the survey .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	21	2004 Theme : Claim your Right to decision-making 2005 Theme : Hold your Leaders to account : Demand that promises are kept ! 2006 Theme : Claim your right to adequate housing .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	60	This is made clear by recent incidents of DIS ill-discipline , notably the alleged murder of a civilian by a DIS commander in Farchana on 22 March . We are working with the Government of Chad to ensure that DIS posts are equipped with gun safes and weapons storage facilities , where the weapons of off-duty DIS officers would be kept . We are also encouraged that the Chadian authorities have submitted this case to the judicial system .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	32	With regard to the working methods of the Special Committee , his delegation supported the proposal submitted by the Dominican Republic on behalf of the Rio Group . The proposal was in keeping with General Assembly resolution 62/69 and would strengthen the Special Committee and avoid entrusting the task of evaluating proposed reforms of the Organization to ad hoc committees of experts who did not represent Governments and were not multilateral in their outlook . Ms. Tansu-Seçkin ( Turkey ) said that , as a third State that had suffered considerably from the consequences of sanctions , Turkey had been following with great interest the deliberations of the Special Committee regarding implementation of the provisions of the Charter relating to assistance to third States affected by sanctions .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Force in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-ninth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus ” . 91st plenary meeting 13 April 2005
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	34	( b ) The adaptation and improvement of course content and curriculum in vocational training institutions to meet changing market conditions ; ( c ) Response to changes in demand for education facilities in keeping with demographic and other factors ; ( d ) The number of additional educational facilities or other infrastructural facilities constructed or renovated ;
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	31	At present , the Government has taken charge of the organization of the fight against AIDS , and its coordination is now a high priority . Our challenge will be to keep the rate of prevalence at less than 1 per cent among the general population . We are firmly convinced that such an undertaking is not only a State matter .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	21	Requests the Rapporteur to report to the Special Committee in 2010 on the implementation of the present resolution ; Decides to keep the question of Puerto Rico under continuous review . Consideration of other matters
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	47	If the Commission decided to retain all the legislative recommendations in the Legislative Guide and also to adopt the new model legislative provisions , the most logical way of doing so would be to have two separate publications . However , if the Commission preferred not to keep all the existing recommendations , it would not be too costly to adopt the interim solution of having two documents which could co-exist for a certain period , namely , the Guide in its present form and the model provisions which the Commission wished to substitute for some of its recommendations . That would not be a waste of resources because , at some point in the near future , stocks of the Guide would be exhausted and budgetary appropriations would have to be requested to replace them .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	79	Council members welcomed President Al-Bashir 's agreement to receive troops from Nepal and Thailand as soon as Egyptian and Ethiopian troops had arrived , and I hope the Secretariat will be able to provide the Council with a specific date for that before long . The second track is the political one , and no matter how well resourced UNAMID is , it will never be successful as a peacekeeping operation if there is not first a peace to keep . A chief mediator needs to be appointed rapidly , as President Al-Bashir himself called for .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	28	On 15 June 2001 , the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights approved these grants on behalf of the Secretary-General . On 29 June 2001 , in keeping with the Board 's recommendations , total payments of US $ 5 , 786 , 000 were made to cover all the grants which could be paid without delay . Since that time , payments totalling US $ 1 , 531 , 000 have been requested for grants which had been withheld pending additional information .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	40	The mandates , scope and governance of international financial institutions must reflect the changes in the world economy , as well as a greater voice and representation from emerging and developing economies , including the poorest . APF calls for keeping to the deadlines for the reform of international financial institutions that was announced in April . When discussing issues such as decision-making on Board chairs , quota and voting shares of international financial institutions , Africa must be involved in developing the recommendations and principles for reform .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	38	Our conviction has been reinforced by the Secretary-General 's report on the follow-up to the Millennium Declaration . Like many other United Nations members , we believe that the creation of new permanent seats would not be in keeping with these objectives . As was stated last week and again today , that would create new centres of privilege .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	48	As the initiator of the request for the United Nations observer mission in Bougainville , and as its host , Papua New Guinea appreciates the support which the Security Council and other organs of the United Nations provide for the Bougainville peace process . We are determined to keep on working for lasting peace by peaceful means within a flexible framework which will allow Bougainville a high degree of autonomy consistent with the integrity , security and sovereignty of the nation . With regard to social and economic issues , as a developing country with 25 years of independence , Papua New Guinea is experiencing very great difficulty in improving national performance as measured by human development indicators .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	59	We saw this in our recent mission to the Great Lakes region , where we had an extremely interesting debate between the 15 members of the Security Council and all the Foreign Ministers and Defence Ministers of the signatories of the Lusaka Agreement . They unanimously asked us to adopt sanctions against those of their own who were not keeping their commitments . In particular , they asked us to withdraw troops from the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	111	The Commission on Human Rights , in its resolution 2000/43 , requested the Secretary-General to continue to include the Fund on an annual basis among the programmes for which funds are pledged at the United Nations Pledging Conference for Development Activities and renewed its request to the Secretary-General to transmit to all Governments the appeals of the Commission for contributions to the Fund . The Commission called upon the Board of Trustees of the Fund to report to the Commission at its fifty-seventh session and present an updated assessment of the global need for international funding of rehabilitation services for victims of torture , and requested the Secretary-General to continue to keep the Commission informed of the operations of the Fund on an annual basis . At the present session , the Commission will have before it the report of the Secretary-General on the Fund submitted to the General Assembly ( A/55/178 ) and updated information for the Commission ( E/CN.4/2001/59 and Add.1 ) .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	19	The Board 's main recommendations are that the Administration and/or the relevant mission or missions : ( a ) Keep under review the concern expressed by the Board about the non-provision in the financial statements for delays in the collection of assessed contributions ( para. 35 ) ; ( b ) Ascertain the reasons for the high incidence of cancellation of unliquidated obligations with a view to minimizing the extent to which such cancellations take place ( para. 38 ) ;
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	40	However , it noted that not all implementing measures were fully effective and operational and that harmonization of the existing law on minority rights and freedom with the new Constitution was still to be undertaken . Austria recommended that Montenegro keep up its efforts by making the mechanisms for implementing the policy strategies fully operational and it ensure that the definition of minorities used in all laws provides for full protection against any discrimination . Austria welcomed the provisions of the new Constitution representing a general guarantee of the protection of human rights and noted that a general anti-discrimination bill had been drafted but not adopted .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	37	At the 30th meeting , on 1 April 2005 , the Chairperson announced publicly that the Commission had decided to discontinue consideration of the situation of human rights in Honduras . The Commission had also decided to keep the situation of human rights in Kyrgyzstan under review . The Commission had further decided to keep the situation of human rights in Uzbekistan under review and to appoint an independent expert to report to it under the confidential procedure established in accordance with Council resolutions 1503 ( XLVIII ) and 2000/3 .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-fifth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Mission in Ethiopia and Eritrea ” . A/55/666 and Corr.1 .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	41	The Thadhani Foundation 's MICRO-CREDIT - FUND ( MCF ) is innovative and multi-dimensional in nature , designed to have direct impact on the poor - through various partnerships , including with NGO and other entities . This is totally in keeping with the United Nations development agenda & MDGs—poverty , health , education , gender issues and partnerships . The MPTF is a strong proponent of the Millennium Village Concept promoting cohesion and sustainability .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	77	In its resolution 61/236 , the General Assembly noted with concern the high reliance on freelance interpretation at the United Nations Office at Vienna and requested the Secretary-General to report on any inconsistency in quality of interpretation services there and at other duty stations , as well as on measures to address this issue , if needed . To better manage the Organization 's resources , the levels of the staffing tables in the language services are kept below those required during peak periods . Permanent staff services are supplemented as necessary with those of freelancers .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	105	Stresses the importance of bringing into effect the conventions emanating from the work of the Commission for the global unification and harmonization of international trade law , and , to this end , urges States that have not yet done so to consider signing , ratifying or acceding to those conventions ; Requests the Secretary-General , in view of the continuing demands on personnel resources of the secretariat of the Commission resulting , inter alia , from the need for coordination among a growing number of international organizations in the field of international trade law and the growing demand for legislative technical assistance , to keep under review the level of resources available to the Commission in order to ensure its ability to carry out its mandate . Official Records of the General Assembly , Fifty-eighth Session , Supplement No. 17 ( A/58/17 ) .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	30	No consideration has been given to his best interests and/or to release . According to the author , it is fallacious to argue that his best interests are served by keeping him with his father , as his father 's prolonged detention was unjustified and both individuals could have been released pending determination of their asylum claims . The State party 's submissions on the admissibility and merits of the communication
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	43	In most exporting countries , no individual identification or serial numbers of arms are required in order to obtain export licences. Consequently , the replies to requests for information are almost invariably negative . Several discussions concerning the periods for which manufacturers should keep arms-related information and the need for more accurate descriptions of arms on export documents have taken place in various forums , notably the United Nations small arms and light weapons ( SALW ) initiative . The difficulties encountered by the Group of Experts in its investigations in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and also in making requests to neighbouring and arms-producing countries are directly linked to the lack of data in the Democratic Republic of the Congo , among manufacturers and in export documents .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	68	To standardize the structure of the service fees , forms and paper work connected with the inter-Arab flow of goods in all the Arab States , to request the Economic and Social Council to take practical measures to achieve this , and to direct the other entities concerned in the Arab countries to cooperate with the Economic and Social Council in this regard ; To refrain , in keeping with the provisions of article 15 of the Agreement for the Facilitation and Promotion of Intra-Arab Trade , from granting States that are currently members of the Greater Arab Free Trade Area any new exemptions after the expiry of the time period allowed for the presently existing exemptions other than within the narrowest limits and in accordance with strict criteria ; and to assign the Economic and Social Council the task of assessing the situation with respect to States joining after that time ; To welcome the initiative of the Lebanese Republic on the establishment of a unified Arab drug registration board ; and to request the Council of Arab Ministers of Health to study the question and submit its proposals to the Economic and Social Council for a decision ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	62	At the 2005 World Summit , world leaders made the commitment to strongly support fair globalization and resolve to make the goals of full and productive employment and decent work for all , including for women and young people , a central objective of ( their ) relevant national and international policies ( see General Assembly resolution 60/1 , para . In keeping with that commitment , the Secretary-General , in his report on the work of the Organization issued in 2006 , proposed to include a new target , echoing the commitment of the 2005 World Summit , under Millennium Development Goal 1 . Moreover , in paragraph 5 of the ministerial declaration adopted by the Economic and Social Council on 5 July 2006 , participants in the high-level segment resolved to promote full and productive employment and decent work for all .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	35	Paragraph 88 ( g ) , ( h ) and ( l ) should be removed because they are picked up in the new restorative justice section . Paragraph 88 ( d ) should be kept even though it speaks to restorative justice , because it supports the theme of alternatives to incarceration and is not repeated in the restorative justice section . “ ( m ) To develop and enhance programmes and policies that address the disparate impact on offenders by reason of race , colour , language , religion , political or other opinion , national or social origin , property , birth or other status. ”
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	53	The Prosecutor has welcomed the report of the Working Group on Speeding up trials and its proposals for making changes to certain aspects of the Tribunal 's practice in managing cases . In addition , the Prosecutor will continue to point to other measures that could be taken in the future , including keeping the Rules of Procedure and Evidence under continued review , particularly as they relate to the pre-trial stage of cases and the presentation of evidence in the courtroom . Measures taken to improve the management and efficiency of the Office of the Prosecutor
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	21	There is a special document regarding the quantitative and the qualitative account in the armed forces . The quantitative account is kept in special books at the first and the second level . The serial number and the category are entered as well .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	60	( d ) Legislation providing for the seizure , confiscation or forfeiture and disposal of illicit firearms , their parts and components and ammunition ; ( e ) Requirements that records relating to the manufacture , marking , import , export and transit of firearms and , where appropriate and feasible , their parts and components and ammunition , be kept and establishment of the specific content of such regulations ; ( f ) Requirements that all firearms manufactured on States ' territories be marked at the time and place of manufacture and that previously manufactured unmarked firearms be marked at the time of any subsequent transfer if that transfer involves import , export or transit through another State ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	60	The review would be guided by the views of Member States as expressed during the informal consultations , with a particular focus on the “ composite entity ” option . The current session of the Assembly must find innovative ways to promote more rapid , effective and coordinated action to advance the status of the world 's women , in keeping with the commitments made at Beijing and the 2005 World Summit . She pledged the full cooperation of her Office , the Division for the Advancement of Women and the Inter-Agency Network on Women and Gender Equality for those efforts and looked forward to the guidance of delegations .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	54	The reference to the provisions of this instrument makes clear that the terms of the contract do not stand alone . 5.2.1 The carrier shall during the period of its responsibility as defined in article 4.1 , and subject to article 4.2 , properly and carefully load , handle , stow , carry , keep , care for and discharge the goods . 5.2.2 The parties may agree that certain of the functions referred to in article 5.2.1 shall be performed by or on behalf of the shipper , the controlling party or the consignee .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	93	“ Welcoming the cooperation established between the new Representative of the Secretary-General and the United Nations and other international and regional organizations , in particular his participation in the work of the Inter-Agency Standing Committee and its subsidiary bodies , as well as the memorandum of understanding with the Inter-Agency Internal Displacement Division within the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs of the Secretariat and the Global IDP Project of the Norwegian Refugee Council , “ Taking note of the efforts currently under way by the United Nations humanitarian system , in keeping with a collaborative approach , to strengthen its response capacity to meet the protection and assistance needs of internally displaced persons , “ Acknowledging with appreciation the important and independent contribution of the International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement and other humanitarian agencies in protecting and assisting internally displaced persons , in cooperation with relevant international bodies ,
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	42	At the heart of the question of the Middle East , the question of Palestine calls for a resolution whose urgency is becoming increasingly clear . To press for a political settlement of the question of Palestine through peaceful negotiations is in keeping with the fundamental desires of the Israeli and Palestinian people and all the people in the region. It is conducive to peace and stability in that region and should be the common aim of joint efforts of the international community and all parties concerned . China wishes to express its appreciation for this. We hope that the United Nations will play a greater role in promoting the Middle East peace process .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	26	We need to eliminate duplication in order to relieve the resultant financial and human burden . We hope that this goal can be achieved , in keeping with the recommendations submitted by the High Commissioner for Human Rights . We believe that the issue of human rights is a very important and sensitive one , and we need to show impartiality , objectivity and non-selectivity , as well as respect for the various cultures and their beliefs .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	46	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of programmes of assistance to the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations resolutions and decisions relating to decolonization , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly ,
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	29	[ Original : English ] The Secretary of the Permanent Council of the Organization presents his compliments to the Permanent Representatives and is pleased to advise that , in keeping with a request made by the Caribbean Community ( CARICOM ) Group of States , the Chair has convened a special meeting of the Council to be held on Thursday , February 26 , 2004 , at 11 : 00 a.m. , in the Hall of the Americas . UNCITRAL Digest of case law on the United Nations Convention on the International Sale of Goods*
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	51	In separate resolutions ( 57/242 and 57/262 ) , the General Assembly requested that separate reports under agenda items relating to the landlocked and small island developing States be submitted at its fifty-eighth session in 2003 . In accordance with General Assembly resolution 56/227 of 24 December 2001 , and in keeping with the mandate set out in the report of the Secretary-General on a follow-up mechanism for coordinating , monitoring and reviewing the implementation of the Brussels Programme of Action , 2 the Office of the High Representative commenced its mission to mobilize international support for the Programme of Action , ensuring effective coordination , monitoring , advocacy and review of its implementation . The Economic and Social Council , in its resolution 2002/33 of 26 July 2002 reaffirmed that global-level follow-up to the Brussels Programme of Action should be primarily concerned with assessing the economic and social performance of the LDCs , and monitoring the implementation of their commitments made in Brussels , as well as the performance of their development partners .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	67	Applying the banking supervision Core Principles of the Bank for International Settlement ( BIS ) < Know Your Customer > and < Due Diligence > standards , the Central Bank of The Gambia requires banks in The Gambia to regularly update their records on existing customers and institute a closer monitoring of potential clients . These standards help enhance their ability for proper customer identification , record keeping processes , detection and reporting of suspicious transaction . It also helps to ensure all financial institutions put in place adequate policies , procedures and practices that seek to promote high ethical and professional standards .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	36	I shall now give the floor to those representatives wishing to speak . Mr. Sardenberg ( Brazil ) : Brazil firmly supports the establishment of the Peacebuilding Commission to fill the institutional gap between action to keep peace and the activities required to consolidate and sustain peace . During our two-year term in the Security Council , my delegation has consistently called attention to the need for action in the economic and social spheres in post-conflict situations to run parallel to peacekeeping efforts .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	35	It was noted that the issue of exclusion would also be examined in the second track of the Global Consultations . A number of delegations asked UNHCR to develop practical tools and standards , in keeping with international humanitarian law , refugee law and human rights law , in order to separate armed elements from the refugee population . Other relevant organizations , non-governmental organizations ( NGOs ) and governments should also be involved in the process .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	52	In preparing the report , the Special Rapporteur had been confronted with questions of terminology , i.e. whether to speak of “ expulsion ” of aliens , which when looking at national legislation was a term covering a more limited phenomenon than removing aliens . Nevertheless , his tentative preference was to keep the term “ expulsion ” , even if it had to be defined broadly . Similarly , it remained to be considered whether the reference to “ aliens ” was sufficiently accurate .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	34	Reaffirming the condemnation of these heinous acts and recalling the various relevant resolutions adopted by the Security Council and the General Assembly , Emphasizes that all measures adopted against terrorism should be strictly in keeping with international law , and particularly with international norms and obligations in the sphere of human rights ; Draws attention to the incompatibility of certain laws , regulations and practices recently introduced by a number of countries , in particular those which call into question the judicial guarantees which are intrinsic to the rule of law , notably in relation to police custody , arbitrary detention , incommunicado detention , the rights of the defence and the right to an effective remedy ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	17	Suggested amendments : ( 1 ) In the first sentence , delete the words “ and in keeping with rule 39 of its provisional rules of procedure ” . ( 2 ) In the first sentence , insert the words “ members of the ” before the words “ Security Council ” .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	37	We believe that that , in turn , would stimulate democratic and socio-economic reforms on the island . The continuation of the commercial , economic and financial embargo against Cuba by the United States is not in keeping with the spirit of the times and hampers the formation of a new , just world order in the twenty-first century , one based on the fundamental principles of the United Nations Charter and the primacy of international law . The President ( spoke in French ) : We have heard the only speaker in explanation of vote before the voting .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	17	The IMSMA project to continue developing its modules and activities , especially the training modules . To keep updating information tools ( GICHD , UNMAS , ICBL , etc. ) and make them available by Internet and other means . The UN to coordinate with stakeholders in the preparation of the upcoming five-year strategic plan for Mine Action .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	27	Internal armed conflicts come in many different forms . The relatively clear-cut format of a United Nations response to inter-State armed conflicts — monitoring a truce and keeping the peace after an agreed cessation of hostilities — seems , for internal armed conflicts , inadequate or inapplicable . The Charter does not prescribe how this Organization should proceed in cases of internal armed conflicts , except for the wise admonition in Article 2 , paragraph 7 , which says ,
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	60	There has been an increase in the number of trips taken by such personnel , from 24 in the two-year period ended 30 June 2002 to 26 in the period under review . On 18 March 1998 , the Secretary-General decided that , as an exception , all travel of the Deputy Secretary-General should be in first class , in keeping with her special status . As regards practical arrangements , efforts are first made to obtain upgrades to first class against payment of the full business-class fare .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	32	Decides : the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session and to report to the Commission at its fifty-ninth session on the situation of human rights in the Sudan and to continue to keep a gender perspective in mind in the reporting process ; [ Adopted by a recorded vote of 25 votes to 24 ,
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	47	Sweden has opted for the dualistic system as regards incorporation of international treaties into domestic law , and should therefore adopt appropriate legislation for the incorporation of the Convention against Torture . The Committee notes that Swedish domestic law does not contain a definition of torture in keeping with article 1 of the Convention . Above all , neither torture nor cruel , inhuman and degrading treatment are identified as specific crimes and offences in domestic criminal law .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	77	Decides that , in accordance with the provisions of its resolution 973 ( X ) , there shall be set off against the apportionment among Member States , as provided for in paragraph 5 above , their respective share in the Tax Equalization Fund of 194 , 767 dollars , representing the increase in the estimated staff assessment income approved for the Mission for the period from 1 May to 30 June 2009 ; Also decides to keep under review during its sixty-third session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Mission in the Sudan ” . Fifth Committee
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	89	Our appreciation is also addressed to His Excellency Mr. Jan Eliasson for his efficient leadership as President of the sixtieth session of the General Assembly , as well as for his countless contributions to United Nations reform initiatives . In the face of uncertainties and challenges , where the world seems to be inundated with conflicts and serious threats — such as the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction ( WMDs ) , terrorism , environmental degradation and infectious diseases — it is important for all of us to keep our commitment to maintain peace and security in the world . In addition , I believe that the reduction of global poverty and the achievement of sustainable development in many developing countries are vital for human security .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	47	We believe that it is in the interest of all of us to pursue these discussions in order to clarify and refine these fundamental issues in good faith with a view to facilitating an overall agreement on a programme of work . France is prepared , in keeping with the common European position that we approved at the seventh Conference , to contribute constructively to this work . Before concluding , I should like to say how sad I am to see Ambassador Sanders of the Netherlands leaving us - Ambassador Sanders , with whom we have held so many discussions , waged so many battles to bring about greater international security .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	34	In 2000 , Lithuania had adopted a medium-term industrial development programme and a strategy for its implementation . The objectives of the programme and of most of the measures for its implementation were in keeping with those applied by States members of the European Union and with the requirements for candidate countries . Lithuania 's industrial strategy was designed to respond adequately to changes in the global market .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	15	That brings me to development . It is the responsibility of the United Nations to keep development at the top of the international agenda . It will take more than lip service to the Millennium Development Goals to achieve them .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	42	The Working Group requested further information on the shipment , including fluorescence data and more detailed transaction history . The Office sent fluorescence data on 14 September , packaged the shipment in a tamper-resistant container and gave it to the exporter to keep until its status and the general stock issue were resolved . In the process of examining the possibility of Ivorian diamonds being smuggled into Liberia , the Panel shared information with the Group of Experts on Côte d'Ivoire .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	17	The Commission is mindful of such other aspects of the General Assembly 's agenda item . In keeping with the mandate set out in Article 13 ( 1 ) ( a ) of the Charter of the United Nations , the Commission continues to promote the progressive development and codification of international law . In its current work , the Commission has sought to comply with requests from the General Assembly and is preparing draft treaty texts , guidelines and other instruments on a significant range of legal issues .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	33	What national legislative and administrative procedures regulate the activities of persons involved in the intermediation of firearms and explosives in fields subject to national jurisdiction and control ? Describe the relevant processes for keeping records of intermediaries , and the licensing and permitting of intermediary transactions . Do legal regulations in force require that the names and places of businesses of intermediaries involved in a transaction be specified on import and export licences and permits , or on documents concerning imports and exports which have been made ?
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	62	Article 18 states that “ all citizens of the Republic of Uzbekistan shall have equal rights and freedoms and shall be equal before the law , without discrimination on grounds of sex , race , nationality , language , religion , social origin , beliefs or individual or social status . Privileges may be established only by law and should be in keeping with the principles of social justice ” . Political , civil , economic , social and cultural rights , including the right to vote and to be elected , the right to participate in decision-making , the right to employment , the right to education and the right to health care , are regarded as fundamental rights for all citizens , both men and women .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	32	We do not have the power here to make the decisions required to have us proceed with a programme of work . But it is our direct responsibility here to create and keep on offer the best possible multilateral option we can devise to achieve common non-proliferation , arms control and disarmament goals . My judgement , widely shared , is that CD/1624 - or something very close to it - remains the best option available and further , that it would indeed represent a worthy fulfilment of our fundamental responsibility in this Conference .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	45	The need to avoid duplication of work of other United Nations bodies , such as the Security Council 's Working Group on General Issues on Sanctions and the General Assembly 's Special Committee on Peacekeeping Operations , was emphasized . Support was also expressed for keeping the current schedule of meetings and for giving equal importance to all topics on the Committee 's agenda . At its 5th meeting , on 1 April 2004 , the Working Group considered the revised working paper regarding the working methods of the Special Committee .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	33	That ambitious Protocol on Good Governance provides for concrete actions , not least against countries that are conspicuously lacking when it comes to good governance . It is an instrument that should be kept strong in the interests of peace consolidation in West Africa . That instrument , which , when it was adopted , was considered revolutionary , is today a tool that should be promoted and disseminated , because it has deterrent potential when it comes to preserving good governance .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	3	Country participation In keeping with previous rounds , the proposed global programme will be organized by regions within the general framework of the global programme ; 120 countries are expected to take part in the five regions . By the end of November 2002 , over 100 countries had expressed their intentions and interest in participating in their respective regional programmes .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	125	Commends the important role the Special Rapporteur has played towards the elimination of extrajudicial , summary or arbitrary executions , and encourages the Special Rapporteur to continue , within the framework of his mandate , to collect information from all concerned , to respond effectively to reliable information that comes before him , to follow up on communications and country visits and to seek the views and comments of Governments and to reflect them , as appropriate , in the elaboration of his reports ; Strongly urges all States to cooperate with and assist the Special Rapporteur so that his mandate may be carried out effectively , including , where appropriate , by issuing invitations to the Special Rapporteur when he so requests , in keeping with the usual terms of reference for missions by special rapporteurs of the Commission , and to respond to the communications transmitted to them by the Special Rapporteur ; Expresses its appreciation to those States that have invited the Special Rapporteur to visit their countries , asks them to examine carefully the recommendations made by the Special Rapporteur , invites them to report to the Special Rapporteur on the actions taken on those recommendations and requests other States , including those mentioned in the report of the Special Rapporteur , to cooperate in a similar way ;
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	75	It is also concerned that there is no review by higher courts of decisions handed down by special courts like the Permanent Court of the Royal Armed Forces and the Special Court of Justice . The State party should adopt appropriate legislation so as to guarantee the presumption of innocence , as required under article 14 , paragraph 2 , of the Covenant , and ensure a right of appeal in all criminal cases in keeping with article 14 , paragraph 5 , of the Covenant . The Committee regrets the continued existence of legislation allowing the court to order imprisonment for debt arising from a contractual obligation , despite a decision by the Administrative Tribunal of Rabat holding that imprisonment may not be imposed in a particular case of this kind because it violates Morocco 's obligations under the Covenant .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	66	( c ) The prohibition of authorized companies within their national borders from making direct deliveries of internationally controlled licit drugs outside their national borders when such deliveries are made to individual persons or companies not authorized to import such drugs , as opposed to being made to authorized companies in accordance with the relevant international conventions ; ( d ) The necessity for suppliers to keep records of all acquisitions and deliveries of internationally controlled licit drugs for a period of at least two years , in accordance with the relevant international conventions ; Encourages the competent national authorities to increase public awareness of the risks associated with the unauthorized acquisition of internationally controlled licit drugs via the Internet , in particular with regard to the uncertain quality of the products and the disadvantage that there is no accompanying medical supervision ;
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	65	Sale of arms and ammunition to natural and legal persons who fail to produce a license to acquire the arms of the given type is prohibited ; it is also illegal to sell arms that do not have a serial number and marking or ammunition without a standard conformity marking . The Criminal Code of the Republic of Lithuania establishes liability for illegal carrying , keeping , acquisition , manufacture and sale of arms and ammunition ( Article 234 ) and for arming criminal groups ( Article 234 ) ; such acts are attributed to the category of grave offences . The Criminal Code ( Article 235 ) also establishes liability for the illegal manufacture , with the aim of selling , for the sale , and also for the carrying of blank or silent arms ( swards , daggers , bayonets , hunting knives , crossbows ) or any other implements or things specifically produced or modified with the aim of taking the life or inflicting bodily injury .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	40	States should therefore reduce the financial burden of health care and education , especially on the poor . Measures could include the introduction of other mechanisms instead of user fees ( e.g. national insurance or general taxation ) or by keeping user fees and introducing non-discretionary , equitable and non-stigmatizing interventions for the poor ( e.g. exemption schemes , direct cash subsidies and vouchers ) . Over the period covered by this report , the Bretton Woods institutions have meanwhile changed their concept of debt sustainability from a static indicator ( debt to export ratio ) , essentially used for debt relief purposes , to a forward-looking analytical tool designed to avoid the accumulation of unsustainable debt .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	49	To that end , the Panel has , among other things , requested the secretariat to ascertain whether other claims have been submitted to the Commission with respect to the same projects , transactions or properties as those forming the subject matter of the claims under review . In keeping with Governing Council decision 13 , where a loss has been found to be compensable in this instalment and the same loss has been previously recommended for compensation , such amount has been deducted from any award recommended by the Panel . Where a claim has been found to be compensable in this instalment and another claim with the same loss is pending before a different panel , the relevant information has been provided to the other panel .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	28	combined with the one in article 79 ( a ) , is reproduced in draft guideline 2.1.6 . This same draft implies also that the depositary receives and keeps custody of reservations ; it therefore seems unnecessary to mention this expressly . ( 3 ) It goes without saying that the general provisions of article 77 , paragraph 2 , relating to the international character of the functions of depositaries and their obligation to act impartially apply to reservations as to any other field .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	58	However , the Committee is concerned that in most cases the definition of the crime of torture differs from one state to another , and that the crime is not mentioned in the Penal Code of the State of Guerrero . The State party should ensure that both federal and state legislation characterizes the crime of torture in keeping with international and regional standards , including the Convention against Torture and the Inter-American Convention to Prevent and Punish Torture . ( 12 ) The Committee takes note of the proposed reform of the whole system of justice , whose main objectives include the introduction of an accusatory and oral procedure for criminal cases , elimination of the evidentiary value of confessions not made before a judge , and the introduction of the presumption of innocence .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	36	Having considered the various views that had been expressed , the Working Group reaffirmed its understanding that the new instrument should not deal with consumer protection issues . The Working Group also agreed that , in keeping with the established practice of UNCITRAL in that respect , the preliminary draft convention should exclude consumer transactions from its scope of application , but that the Working Group might reconsider the need for such an exclusion once it had advanced its consideration of the substantive provisions of the preliminary draft convention . Subject to that general understanding , the Working Group proceeded to consider the formulation used for the exclusion .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	47	( a ) Guidelines on money-laundering and “ know your customer ” policy . Bank Negara Malaysia ( Central Bank ) on 27 December 1993 issued Guidelines ( BNM/GP 9 ) to ensure compliance with the laws against money-laundering through customer identification and verification , financial record keeping and mandatory reporting of suspicious activity ; ( b ) Minimum guidelines on the provision of internet banking services .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	91	5.4 According to the author , the Provincial High Court of Palma de Mallorca denied him justice by evaluating the facts in a manifestly arbitrary manner , and the Supreme Court in cassation confined itself to upholding the conviction , while correcting the value assigned to the drugs in an arbitrary manner . He claims that the Supreme Court , in cassation , carries out a limited examination of whether the conclusions reached by the lower court are arbitrary or amount to a denial of justice , which is not in keeping with article 14 , paragraph 4 ( sic ) , of the Covenant . 5.5 Concerning the State party 's claim that domestic remedies have not been exhausted , the author explains that , even if he had lodged an application for amparo , it would have failed , and that the Constitutional Court can not modify elements regarded as established by the trial court .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	122	( b ) Reaffirms its decision on the framework for the Standing Committee 's programme of work ( A/AC.96/1003 paragraph 25 , sub-paragraph 2 ( c ) ) , authorizes the Standing Committee to add and delete items , if appropriate , to this framework for its meetings in 2008 and requests member States to meet in December 2007 to draw up a detailed work plan for formal adoption by the Standing Committee at its first meeting in 2008 ; ( c ) Calls upon its members to continue efforts to ensure that debate at the Executive Committee and its Standing Committee be of a substantive and interactive nature , yielding practical guidance and clear advice to the High Commissioner , in keeping with the Committee 's statutory functions ; and calls on the Office of the High Commissioner to be explicit and analytical in its reports and presentations to the Committee and to submit documentation in a timely manner ; ( d ) Further calls on the Office of the High Commissioner to consult with the Committee with regard to the ongoing reform measures and the consequent structural and management changes within the organization , including the proposed new budget structure , through informal consultative meetings as well as at Standing Committee meetings ; and
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	33	As a result of that meeting , a joint platform for action had been approved which defined strategies to combat the trafficking of children in the region . All those measures were in keeping with the Convention on the Rights of the Child , to which all the States of West Africa were parties , article 11 of which recommended that States should promote the conclusion of bilateral or multilateral agreements to eliminate illicit transfers of children abroad and their illicit confinement . UNICEF , through its regional representatives , and the assistance provided to the subregion by donor countries provided essential support for such efforts .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	78	Avoiding repeated suspension of financial regulations ; Maintaining Member States ' control over the budget ; Eliminating unnecessary administrative procedures that diminish the efficiency of the Organization ; Aiming at consistency with the situation in other international organizations . The Intersessional working group has so far discussed three proposals—a special account for the Regular Programme of Technical Cooperation , a special account for Buildings Management , and a model building on experience within other organizations that would allow keeping the unutilized balances in the Organization—with a view of arriving at recommendations to be submitted to the Programme and Budget Committee . The working group was briefed on the question of re-grouping major objects of expenditure and heard various views of Member States on the issue .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	33	Invites the Special Rapporteur to provide updated reports , as appropriate , on the situation of human rights in Afghanistan to the General Assembly and the Commission on Human Rights ; Decides to keep the situation of human rights in Afghanistan under consideration at its fifty-eighth session , in the light of additional elements provided by the Commission on Human Rights and the Economic and Social Council . 77th plenary meeting 18 December 2002
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	41	By strengthening the solidarity among its members and implementing its policies throughout the Union , the EU has successfully bridged divides and promoted prosperity within its borders . The role played and the competencies exercised by the EU are fully in keeping with the spirit of the provisions of Chapter VIII of the Charter of the United Nations , which encourages cooperation between regional organizations and the United Nations in accordance , of course , with the purposes and principles of the Charter , in particular the pre-eminence of the Security Council in the area of peacekeeping . The European Union has supported the objective of mutual strengthening between the United Nations and regional organizations .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	27	- Strengthening governance at the regional level : considering environmental phenomena at a regional level could be essential . UNEO could be given strengthened regional offices in keeping with current efforts by UNEP to contribute to the coherence of activities at this level . - Coordination and strengthening of scientific environmental expertise : UNEO could play a key role in coordinating international scientific expertise on environmental questions , in particular concerning observation of the interaction of various phenomena .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	52	It is now crucial to prevent an arms race in outer space . I remind the Assembly that Russia has assumed the obligation not to be the first to launch any type of new weapon into space and has called upon other countries possessing space capabilities to join in this measure to keep outer space peaceful . It is time to take steps to enhance transparency and build confidence in this area .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	46	Requests the Secretary-General to convene an open-ended working group of experts , for a period of no less than 10 working days , to hold a triennial review of reimbursement rates for contingent-owned equipment , self-sustainment , including medical service , in 2004 ; Decides to keep this matter under review at its fifty-sixth session . Fifty-sixth session
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	40	It is indeed encouraging to note that considerable progress has been made since we last debated this issue in August last year . However , more needs to be done and it is imperative for the Council to continue to keep the issue of children in armed conflict on its agenda . It has clearly acknowledged , in several of its resolutions and presidential statements , that the harmful impact of conflict on children has grave implications , not only in the context of peace and security , but also for socio-economic development .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	26	This type of cooperation , Lebanon believes , is the right way to forestall the danger posed by such possession . Within this framework , in keeping with the principle of greater dialogue and cooperation on the question of non-proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and in view of the danger that such weapons represent in general , Lebanon , believing in multilateral cooperation with a view to achieving the objective of non-proliferation , cooperates at the international and regional levels in the joint effort to curb the proliferation of such weapons among States and , a fortiori , non-State-actor organizations . Lebanon 's multilateral participation at the regional level consists in its contribution to the efforts exerted by the League of Arab States to fight international terrorism and bolster efforts to prevent the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction , in compliance with international resolutions and in the effort to making the Middle East a zone free of such weapons .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	49	Let me reaffirm our strong support for Security Council resolution 1373 ( 2001 ) and for the Council 's action to implement it . For its part , Samoa has put in place appropriate policies and domestic legislation , and we will review our arrangements as necessary , in keeping with the work of the Counter-Terrorism Committee . Iraq continues to violate Security Council resolutions .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	58	Decides to fix the rates of assessment in 2003 for Afghanistan at 0.001 per cent and for Argentina at 0.969 per cent , as ad hoc adjustments ; Requests the Committee on Contributions to elaborate further on the criteria regarding ad hoc adjustments of the rates of assessment for consideration and approval by the General Assembly , in keeping with rule 160 of the rules of procedure , so as to facilitate further the consideration of such adjustments by the Assembly ; Emphasizes the need to seek to preserve the integrity of the scale of assessments ;
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	93	Encompass all aspects of the Bali Action Plan in a balanced manner ; Not attribute ideas and proposals to their sources ; Be drafted in language that does not prejudge the form of the agreed outcome ; Be made available by the secretariat in a timely manner , preferably two weeks in advance of the sessions to which they are submitted . Bearing in mind paragraph 3 of the Bali Action Plan and the conclusions on its work programme for 2009 reached at its third session , the AWG-LCA requested its Chair to keep the need for additional meeting time in 2009 under review in consultation with Parties , the Bureau of the Conference of the Parties and the Executive Secretary , and to propose any action that might need to be taken by the AWG-LCA in a manner that would ensure the effective participation of all Parties , in particular developing country Parties . FCCC/AWGLCA/2008/16/Rev.1 .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	28	( spoke in English ) My second point relates to the regional spearheading role that the Economic Community of West African States ( ECOWAS ) is expected to keep on playing in West Africa . ECOWAS seems to be involved in the implementation of part of the recommendations laid out in the Secretary General 's report .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	29	My Office , together with other United Nations agencies , is monitoring the situation on the ground , as we have for several years . We will continue to keep the Council informed of progress in implementing the road map . The ceasefire announced on 30 June was achieved through the efforts of the Palestinian leadership and with the particular support of President Mubarak of Egypt .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	29	Also under consideration are basic principles for the tracing of communications on computer networks . Electronic records of the source and destination of communications such as electronic mail are kept by most service providers , but only for limited periods of time . Records that can be used to trace communications and identify the system users involved can in most countries only be accessed using judicially reviewed search and seizure operations .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	34	The project is aimed at sensitizing current decision makers to pressing peace , disarmament and non-proliferation issues in the region and at facilitating the elaboration of national workplans on peace education issues . In keeping with United Nations General Assembly resolution 57/60 of 22 November 2002 , the project will also promote greater synergy between national and subregional disarmament and non-proliferation agendas , as well as support the development of more coherent and cohesive workplans in these areas . Location
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	47	Here at the United Nations , it simply will not do for us to say that we have now “ done development ” at the World Summit , and that we will come back to it at another Review in five years ' time . We must keep development high on the General Assembly 's agenda this year . A top priority is to get the Peacebuilding Commission established by the end of the year , so that the international community is able to give those African States emerging from conflict the support they deserve .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	66	The revitalization of structures for staff representation and staff-management relations , including SMCC , was therefore essential . The staff representatives in SMCC were prepared to remain in dialogue with management , but not at any cost , since there would be little reason to do so if progress was not made on important issues , the staff were sidelined in decision-making and promises were not kept . It was time for United Nations reforms to be extended to staff-management relations , given that the current systems were outdated and in need of serious , professional review .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	12	Therefore , UNFPA does not recommend its activation . Every data table keeps a record of the person raising the transaction . UNFPA , together with UNDP and UNOPS , considers that this provides sufficient control but will monitor the situation .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	101	As host of the Fifteenth International AIDS Conference in July 2004 , we look forward to high-level representation of the world community to share the experiences , as well as to forging strong partnerships and cooperation to build a united global front to deal with this pandemic . With regard to Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome ( SARS ) — the disease that crippled many countries and affected the tourist industry so badly throughout the world this year — we found that only the prompt response and commitment of ASEAN and the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation ( APEC ) partnership enabled us to keep the pandemic under control and quell the panic and fear , which were worse than the disease itself . The non-traditional security threats of HIV/AIDS , SARS and narcotic drugs — “ soft threats ” , in the words of the Secretary-General — demonstrate once again that no matter what differences each country or region may have , international cooperation and partnership are crucial in order to combat both traditional and non-traditional challenges to human security .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	108	In updating the composition of levels in previous years , it has been the Secretariat 's understanding that the Member States concerned should be included at their voluntarily established levels unless their revised levels would be higher or unless they indicate a decision to revert to a lower level for which they are eligible in the new scale period . In this connection , the Secretary-General has received a letter dated 6 August 2009 from the Chargé d'affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of Hungary to the United Nations requesting that Hungary be allowed to move to level F , from its current level of B , in keeping with the fundamental principle of capacity to pay ( see annex I to the present report ) . Hungary fell within level H in 2006-2009 , but remained voluntarily at level B .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	37	The Council must improve its own practices , including more realistic mandates , clear completion strategies and measurable benchmarks to enable us to assess progress . The Council must also ensure that peacekeepers have a peace to keep , and not put poorly equipped peacekeepers into a war zone in the hope that they will have an effect . While the Security Council should rightly play its leading role , this must be an inclusive process , drawing on the expertise and resources of all Member States and all parts of the United Nations system .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	37	A negotiated solution that would end the occupation , ensure security and enable the Palestinian people to exercise its inalienable rights is urgently needed . As requested by the General Assembly , the Committee will continue to keep the situation under review and promote a constructive analysis and discussion of these issues by the international community . While welcoming the Advisory Opinion of the International Court of Justice and the position of the General Assembly in that regard , the Committee remains concerned that the illegal construction of the wall in the Occupied Palestinian Territory , including in and around East Jerusalem , has not stopped .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	35	A bedrock principle of international law is the maxim pacta sunt servanda ( agreements must be respected ) . This is the core of compliance policy : agreements , the law demands , must be kept . To insist upon anything less would debase the currency of international discourse and make it impossible to realize the contributions that arms control , nonproliferation , and disarmament agreements can make to international peace and security .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	30	The protection of such information may also extend to information in the possession of third persons . For instance , a bank might hold a pending patent application for safe keeping , or a secret trade process or formula might be described in a loan application or in a contract held by a bank . In such circumstances , details of the trade , business or other secret should be excised from the documents and the remaining financial information exchanged accordingly .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	52	At its 13th meeting , on 20 July 2000 , the Special Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly that the Committee continue to be represented at seminars , meetings and conferences organized by United Nations bodies and other intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations active in the field of decolonization . In keeping with its decision of 18 February 2000 , the Committee would authorize its Chairman to hold consultations , as appropriate , concerning its participation in those meetings , as well as the level of representation , when accepting invitations . In accordance with established practice and on the basis of the principle of rotation , the Chairman would hold consultations with the Bureau members who , in turn , would consult with the members of the Committee from their respective regional groups .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	25	The text of the Eritrean letter has also been submitted to the Secretariat . As noted in its earlier reports , the Commission , in keeping with its undertaking to continue its work in the manner foreseen in the Algiers Agreement , has maintained its presence in the area but has reduced its activity to the minimum compatible with its being able to resume it as soon as it becomes possible for it to do so . The Commission has maintained its Field Offices in both capitals but with reduced staff .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	51	On the issue of new debt in HIPCs , Mr. Gray underscored the importance of debt management in the HIPCs . The speaker also pointed out the importance of longer-dated fixed rate Government bonds , as well as the role gross domestic product ( GDP ) and inflation-linked bonds played in keeping debt sustainable . He felt that IMF could play a role by purchasing the latter instruments and helping to define their market price .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	58	The member States of the Andean Community agree : To take joint measures to promote a credible and verifiable conventional arms limitation process within the region , taking due account of each country 's domestic security needs and current spending levels , that would make it possible to allocate more funds to economic and social development , in keeping with the relevant principles and aims set forth in the Charter of the Organization of American States and the Declaration of Ayacucho ; To ban or restrict the use of certain conventional weapons that are considered excessively injurious or to have indiscriminate effects , in conformity with the regime contained in the United Nations Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons Which May Be Deemed to Be Excessively Injurious or to Have Indiscriminate Effects of 1980 and its additional protocols ;
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	104	The Committee recommended that the programme managers be requested to refrain from using terminology that has not been approved by the General Assembly , as well as to ensure that legislative mandates are accurately translated into programmes and subprogrammes , taking into account regulation 4.2 and rule 104.7 ( e ) of the Regulations and Rules Governing Programme Planning and the relevant provisions of General Assembly resolutions on results-based budgeting . The Committee noted that the General Assembly will consider reports on human resources management reform and administration of justice at its sixty-first session and recommended that the relevant subprogrammes under programme 24 be kept under review so as to ensure that any decisions of the Assembly that may require revisions to the logical framework are reflected in the revised programme . The Committee recommended that the Department of Management be requested to amend the overall orientation and subprogramme 4 to reflect any decisions that the Assembly may take when it considers the report of the Secretary-General on information and communication technology to be submitted in accordance with section II of General Assembly resolution 60/283 .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	29	Mr. Möller ( Observer for Finland ) said that he supported the alternative proposal because it was fully compatible with the New York Convention . Both variants should be kept , however , because national legislators should be given both alternatives . Ms. Avenberg ( Sweden ) said that the lack of a writing requirement had not created any problems in her country .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	46	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of programmes of assistance for the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations decisions relating to decolonization , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly ,
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	90	Through my good offices , and with the support of the United Nations Secretariat , I have been facilitating the implementation of the ruling of the International Court of Justice of 10 October 2002 on the land and maritime boundary between Cameroon and Nigeria . With the final appropriation of $ 5.6 million from the United Nations regular budget for the biennium 2004-2005 , and the initial appropriation of $ 7.5 million for 2006 , the Mixed Commission has been able to move the process smoothly and peacefully and to keep an open dialogue and communication between the two countries . The following are some of the activities for which the United Nations team of the Cameroon-Nigeria Mixed Commission has provided substantive , technical and logistical support .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	39	Significant progress was made by most of the Governments replying to the questionnaire ( 81 per cent ) in adopting legislation permitting the seizure of assets derived from money-laundering . In many countries , however , no statistics are kept on proceeds seized and confiscated as a result of legal action to combat money-laundering . Bank secrecy has been one of the major obstacles to criminal investigations in money-laundering offences .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	65	In total , about 160 post-graduate students have become familiar with the details of the Declaration and have spread and will spread this knowledge as multipliers in their respective countries , a contribution to the dissemination and implementation of the Declaration worldwide . As a last point of describing the relationships of WSV to the United Nations it should be mentioned that WSV could not keep its President in that position because he became the Principal Officer of the Centre for International Crime Prevention , Office for Drug Control and Crime Prevention , at the United Nations Office at Vienna . At various levels and on various occasions , WSV has cooperated with the United Nations bodies mentioned in this report and WSV is determined to continue this good cooperation in the future .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	38	For Kinshasa , the good ones are the Bunia and the Gbadolité rebels . The bad ones are the Goma rebels , which Kinshasa is constantly targeting , accusing them of being guilty of practically everything , in keeping with the simplistic “ invited ” and “ uninvited ” refrain . This little game of hide-and-seek is so childish that the Congolese rebels of Goma , Bunia and Gbadolité will not fall into that trap , even once the inter-Congolese dialogue under preparation has begun .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	71	University for Peace The University for Peace was established in December 1980 pursuant to General Assembly resolution 35/55 in order to provide humanity with an international institution of higher education for peace and with the aim of promoting among all human beings the spirit of understanding , tolerance and peaceful coexistence , to stimulate cooperation among peoples and to help lessen obstacles and threats to world peace and progress , in keeping with the noble aspirations proclaimed in the Charter of the United Nations . Within this mission , the University for Peace is developing broad fields of study , teaching and research ranging from human rights and international law , peace and development , gender and peace , human security , impact on children of armed conflict , media and peace , environmental degradation and conflict , peace-building rehabilitation , including demilitarization , demobilization and reintegration of combatants , and the cross-cutting area of making education a better instrument for peace , including through education of educators .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	39	The representative of Germany raised the issue of how the involvement of civil society , especially women , will be ensured . What I can add to the report and my presentation is that the gender dimension will be kept . We are currently in the process , for example , of recruiting a consultant on gender issues for the Office of the Special Representative in order to ensure not only that the meeting of the women will be prepared in a timely manner , but also that , in our daily work in the preparatory process , my Office will take into account the gender dimension .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	27	Gaylor 's obsession and Cunningham 's chimera-chasing reminiscences had mesmerized him into thinking of Lila and Lilac , separately or together , as a legend . They kept drifting apart and merging again in his mind like some minute form of life on a microscope slide .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	50	Investors in prospective biofuels export facilities in developing countries needed to be assured that markets were going to be open and that there would be scope for large exports , allowing them to exploit economies of scale . Participants also recommended that energy , trade and sustainable development issues be kept high on the agenda of UNCTAD XII , to be held in Ghana in 2008 , which would offer an important opportunity for concrete follow-up on the work done during the present sectoral review . In addition , they called for the further enhancement of institutional arrangements within UNCTAD in dealing with energy issues , including biofuels .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	78	They were part of an evolutionary process began many years previously , which had already led to revisions to the Regulations and Rules Governing Programme Planning , the Programme Aspects of the Budget , the Monitoring of Implementation and Methods of Evaluation . The inclusion of “ expected accomplishments ” in the medium-term plan and the programme budget as well as strategies and indicators of achievement in the proposed medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005 , was in keeping with the Regulations and Rules . Under the first proposal , indicators of achievement similar to those already contained in the proposed medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005 would be included in the proposed programme budget for the period 2002-2003 .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	14	Other States parties should benefit from these experiences . Although confidential records can be kept of diversion for administrative and review purposes , they should not be viewed as “ criminal records ” and a child who has been previously diverted must not be seen as having a previous conviction . If any registration takes place of this event , access to that information should be given exclusively and for a limited period of time , e.g. for a maximum of one year , to the competent authorities authorized to deal with children in conflict with the law .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	32	In his own words , “ There is no simple solution , certainly not a military one ” . We also heard from Mr. Holmes that peacekeeping forces need a peace to keep . On this point , I think what the Secretariat means is that , when there is no peace , there can be no peacekeepers .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	53	In the broader session , the 16 leaders of the Major Economies Forum on Energy and Climate , the European Commission , Sweden , Denmark and the United Nations Secretary-General , found an agreement on key pillars of the Copenhagen climate deal . Leaders of all major emitting countries reiterated the importance of keeping the increase in average global temperature below 2 degrees Celsius , as recognized by the G-8 , and decided to work together between now and Copenhagen to identify a long-term global goal for substantially reducing global emissions by 2050 . Leaders agreed on the need for nationally appropriate mitigation actions by all countries : developed countries will promptly undertake robust midterm emissions reductions , while developing countries will undertake actions to ensure meaningful deviation of emission levels from business as usual .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	33	The adoption by the General Assembly of a resolution on this important matter would mean the logical extension of the idea of the International Year of Freshwater . It would also be in keeping with the provisions of the Millennium Declaration , which set the goal of halving , by 2015 , the number of people who lack access to freshwater and sanitation . The International Decade of Freshwater would allow the international community to continue its focus on the issue of the shortage of water .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	65	This trend holds the promise of developing regional capacity to address shortfalls in the numbers of peacekeepers , and it should augment and not detract from the ability of the United Nations to respond when blue helmets are requested . This poses a challenge for the Security Council and regional organizations to work closely with each other and mutually support each other 's efforts to keep the peace and ensure that regional operations are accountable to universally accepted human rights standards . We address this question in part four below .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	26	It has the chance to agree to deal with nuclear disarmament in a broader context . And there is the prospect of considering preventive measures to keep the realm of outer space peaceful . I urge you to take these opportunities without further delay .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	30	Our States urge that this vital resolution adopted in 1995 be given a further boost at the seventh Review Conference with a view to its implementation . This is in keeping with the spirit of Security Council resolution 687 ( 1991 ) , article 14 of which calls for the establishment of a nuclear-free zone in the Middle East , and with the resolutions adopted by the General Assembly and sponsored by the Arab Group every year . As you know , these Arab initiatives led the General Assembly to adopt , at its fifty-ninth session , resolution 59/63 and resolution 59/106 on this subject .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	63	Voluntary contributions from Governments , international organizations , individuals , corporations and other entities shall be subject to the approval of the Registrar of the Court , in accordance with the criteria laid down in paragraphs 2 and 3 ; the Registrar shall be responsible for the day-to-day administration of the fund . The voluntary contributions envisaged in paragraph 1 must be in keeping with the goals and activities of the fund . The voluntary contributions envisaged in paragraph 1 may be accepted for a specific project or purpose provided that this does not lead to discrimination with regard to victims or their families that is prohibited under international law .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	37	Recalling the role played by the International Committee of the Red Cross in the elaboration of the Convention and the Protocols thereto , Recalling also that the States parties at the Review Conference declared their commitment to keeping the provisions of Protocol II under review in order to ensure that the concerns regarding the weapons it covers are addressed , and that they would encourage the efforts of the United Nations and other organizations to address all problems of landmines , Commending the efforts of the Secretary-General and the President of the First Annual Conference of States Parties to Amended Protocol II towards the promotion of the goal of universality of amended Protocol II ,
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	39	They may choose either the name of the husband or that of the wife as the family name , or they can decide against adopting a common family name . In the latter case , the husband and wife keep their ancestral names . Bridal couples who decide to keep their own names must decide at the time of marriage which of their unmarried names to give their children .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	48	The Committee recalled that according to the Government a first case raising the issue of sex-based salary discrimination has been brought before the Latvian courts and that the case had been appealed to the Supreme Court of the Republic of Latvia . The Committee asked the Government to keep it informed regarding this matter and to supply a copy of the decision once a final outcome is reached . Convention No. 111 : In its 2001 Direct Request , the Committee of Experts noted from the Government 's report that the new Labour Code entered into force on 1 June 2002 and was said to include provision shifting the burden of proof in discrimination cases to the employer .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	47	Transporters and other travellers should also receive documents certifying that their compliance with regulations has been verified . The United Nations Office for West Africa should work with ECOWAS , the International Monetary Fund , the World Bank , and other relevant regional entities to help to keep attention focused on this issue of common concern . Strengthening civil society participation and awareness-raising
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	88	We feel however that there could be cause for concern if the proposed measures were to lead to a larger bureaucracy , the creation of new high-level posts or to a transfer of the general management of the United Nations library in Geneva from the Director General of UNOG to the Department of Public Information in New York . We are further convinced that good management of the archives of the League of Nations , an organization without historic ties to New York , is an argument for keeping the responsibility for these archives in Geneva . Another important priority of the United Nations is development cooperation , and we greatly appreciate the various proposals made to improve the operational activities of the United Nations system in the field of development .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	36	However , it is the only way to break the hellish cycle of destruction and distrust and replace it with a cycle of cooperation and confidence . Without such confidence , it will be difficult to keep alive any hope of arriving at a new relationship between the Israeli and the Palestinian people . Towards that end , Madagascar appeals to the two parties to show restraint and to refrain from any acts that could exacerbate feelings of anger and suspicion .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	97	In his report to the General Assembly on cooperation between the United Nations and regional and other organizations ( A/59/303 ) , dated 1 September 2004 , the Secretary-General highlights the role played by the regional organization CARICOM in seeking to help the Haitian parties find a political and peaceful solution to the political impasse which would respect constitutional dictates as well as regional and hemispheric commitments , and subsequently by the United Nations in seeking to stabilize the situation . That effort at the pacific settlement of a local dispute by a regional agency , in keeping with Chapter VIII of the United Nations Charter , was a necessary though ultimately searing experience for the Community . Its ripples continue to be felt , and concerns linger .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	35	Israel 's blockade of trade routes breached all the rules of international trade and severely affected the economy of the Palestinian people and the Arab population of the Syrian Golan . The international community must keep its promises regarding their inalienable right to their national resources , a prerequisite for development and a just and lasting peace in the region . Mr. Al-Muharraqi ( Bahrain ) said that , since occupying Arab lands in 1967 , Israel had continually exploited natural resources there and established settlements in violation of United Nations resolutions , especially General Assembly resolution 61/184 on the sovereignty of peoples under foreign occupation over their natural resources , and the Geneva Convention relative to the Protection of Civilian Persons in Time of War .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	55	Having said that , we need to ask hard questions and find a real solution so as to resolve this issue once and for all . Therefore our gathering here today has to ask whether the economic , commercial and financial embargo on Cuba is justifiable in today 's globalized and interdependent world and in keeping with the spirit of multilateralism . It is in this context that we have considered the report of the Secretary-General ( A/60/213 ) .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	39	Working methods The inter-committee meeting noted the report of the Secretariat on the working methods of the treaty bodies ( HRI/MC/2005/4 ) and , in accordance with the recommendation of the third inter-committee meeting , requested the Secretariat to keep this document updated and to submit it to the fifth inter-committee meeting . General comments
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	11	She looked at me provocatively . `` Good figures should be kept in hand '' , she said , and walked away with an exaggerated wiggle . I turned on the device again , half fearful that I might find silence , but the buzzes came in loud and clear .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	52	Requests the Secretary-General to monitor the implementation rate of the projects , with a view to identifying those projects that are underperforming and the causes , and to submit proposals to correct this situation or to redeploy funds from such projects to those that are delivering results ; Decides to continue to keep the implementation of the Development Account under review , and requests the Secretary-General to submit a report on the subject to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session . 92nd plenary meeting 24 December 2001
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	62	Support was thus expressed for the Commission 's approach of fixing the end date at that of the official presentation of the claim . As regards paragraph 3 , it was suggested that the phrase “ Diplomatic protection shall not be exercised ” should be replaced by “ Diplomatic protection may not be exercised ” , since that wording was more in keeping with the discretionary authority of the State with respect to the exercise of diplomatic protection , and with the terminology used in draft articles 7 and 14 . ( d ) Draft article 7. Multiple nationality and claim against a State of nationality
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	82	As an initial matter it was suggested that the title of the section on liquidation and distribution should be revised to clarify that its focus was on the distribution of assets realized upon liquidation , rather than on specific liquidation issues which were not addressed in the section . The view was expressed that the draft Guide should draw a distinction between those cases where the business ceased operations and the assets were sold , and those cases where the business was kept in operation but components were sold off as going concerns , and focus only upon the forced sale situation in the section . The other alternative should be addressed in the context of sale of assets , a topic not addressed elsewhere in the draft Guide in any detail .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	78	It was , like all budgets , a compromise — a compromise between the need for fiscal sustainability , economic good sense and aid dependency , on the one hand , and the clear and desperate needs of the people of East Timor , on the other . However , I share with many members concern about the medium-term viability of a budget that is already dependent on $ 20 million a year in aid money just to keep running the basic operations of Government . The last on my list of essential objectives was the transfer of the existing public service architecture to an East Timorese public administration .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	66	According to the Statute , the Assembly shall meet once a year and , when circumstances so require , hold special sessions ( art. 112 , para . Pursuant to rule 37 of the draft Rules of Procedure of the Assembly of States Parties ( PCNICC/2001/1/Add.4 ) , it is envisaged that a secretariat would be responsible for receiving , translating , reproducing , distributing and keeping custody of documents and decisions of the Assembly , the Bureau and any subsidiary bodies that may be established by the Assembly , as well as providing interpretation . Thus , the secretariat will be involved in the substantive servicing of meetings and preparing pre-session , in-session and post-session documentation .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	18	Great investment is therefore needed in all those areas . In that sphere , the international community must keep its promises and enable Haiti to implement its socio-economic programme . Without question , the Government must build its capacities .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	42	The 2005 World Summit Outcome reaffirmed the commitment of world leaders to the full and effective implementation of the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action and Security Council resolution 1325 ( 2000 ) and the mainstreaming of a gender perspective . In keeping with resolution 57/337 , annex , paragraph 30 , my 2005 report on women and peace and security ( S/2005/636 ) includes the United Nations system-wide action plan for implementation of Security Council resolution 1325 ( 2000 ) , which provides a wealth of information on activities being carried out by the United Nations system in conflict and post-conflict areas . I reiterate my call for speedy implementation of the action plan and urge Member States to work with the Security Council towards establishing a monitoring and compliance mechanism for Security Council resolution 1325 ( 2000 ) .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	49	Bulgaria , an acceding country to the European Union , is in the process of building its capacity as a future donor and is working on the creation of mechanisms for administering official development assistance . My delegation believes that the institutional reforms proposed by the Secretary-General are in keeping with the ambitious goals that we have set . The idea of three reformed Councils — the Security Council , the Economic and Social Council and the new Human Rights Council — is perfectly in keeping with our view of the three top priorities for United Nations action — namely , development , security and human rights .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	71	Export , import , and transit of Schedule 2 or 3 chemicals are permitted exclusively in relation to the States Parties to the Convention subject to obtaining the license . Domestic controls in the biological sphere is based on various legal acts , including Penal Code , Law of 29 November 2000 on external trade in goods , technologies and services of strategic importance both for state security and for the keeping international peace and security , and others . ( c ) Develop and maintain appropriate effective border controls and law enforcement efforts to detect , deter , prevent and combat , including through international cooperation when necessary , the illicit trafficking and brokering in such items in accordance with their national legal authorities and legislation and consistent with international law
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	89	The Customs Authority issued resolution 2412 on 4 April 1991 , establishing the criteria to be taken into account for announcing the redundancy of employees who had not joined in the voluntary resignation programme , identifying among others staff who had reached the age limit defined in the rules of Decree Law No. 20530 and 19990 , i.e. 55 years for women and 60 for men . 4.2 Resolution No. 6338 , which declared the author redundant and terminated his employment as of 6 September 1991 , was in keeping with the legal framework governing the reorganization of the customs service and respected the principle of the hierarchy of norms , which was : article 211 of the Constitution ; Supreme Decree No. 043-91-EF of 14 March 1991 concerning the reorganization of the National Customs Authority ; and National Customs Authority resolution No. 002412 of 4 April 1991 establishing the criteria to be used for declaring that the Authority was overstaffed . 4.3 While article 48 of the Constitution , which was invoked by the author , guarantees the right to security of employment , it also points out that a worker can be dismissed for just cause provided in the law and duly proven .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	22	To this end , the Council helps agencies , funds and programmes to maintain their focus on these goals . It will keep ICT high on its agenda and will closely follow the work of the United Nations ICT Task Force . Furthermore , many international , regional and local organizations and their partners are assisting developing countries to cope with challenges arising from the rapid progress of ICT .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	32	The Board noted in its April 2003 audit that UN-Habitat intends to complete the process of the overall review of the archiving system by end of June 2003 . The Board will keep this matter under review . ( c ) Recommendation in paragraphs 11 ( d ) and 42 that UN-Habitat fast-track the housing programme to reduce the huge backlog in housing and basic infrastructure and services .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	34	To accomplish both objectives , the Department is initiating during 2005 a range of activities aimed at involving Member States and enhancing its relationships with civil society partners and the general public . In keeping with the theme , “ UN60 : A Time for Renewal ” , a number of high profile activities and initiatives will be implemented in 2005 . In addition to designing the UN60 logo and preparing guidelines for anniversary partners , the Department has begun creating a dedicated database and a calendar of sixtieth anniversary events , including concerts , colloquiums , exhibits and lectures , with partners in all regions of the world .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	71	It was observed that the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods ( the “ United Nations Sales Convention ” ) required that buyers that wanted to reject the goods under the contract of sale take delivery of them from the carrier , but that the buyer would do so on behalf of the seller . It was suggested that draft article 45 was appropriate and in keeping with that approach . There was some support in the Commission for that view .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	42	These requirements are consistent with the “ Know-Your-Customer ” rules issued by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision . At the same time , the Guideline on Combating Money-laundering through Large-Value Cash Transactions ( Circular No. 073/B/2002-DSB/AMCM ) requires financial institutions to keep appropriate records of the originators of cash transactions in amounts of more than 20 , 000 Macao dollars or equivalent , including certification of identity , telephone number , address and other relevant information . If there are non-account holders taking part in other transactions , the identity certification information on those non-account holders must also be recorded .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	58	This session is being held at a particularly important moment in the history of Mozambique , given that on 4 October 2002 we will celebrate the 10th anniversary of the signing of the Rome Peace Agreement , which marked the end of a devastating war of destabilization . Ten years after this historic achievement , the Mozambicans have kept the peace and shown that they can live together in harmony . Given the historic significance of this date , we have declared it a national holiday : the Day of Peace and Reconciliation .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	81	Add the phrase “ stamp in order to distinguish from other goods ” after the word “ stow ” in article 14 , paragraph 1 , of the Convention so that it reads as follows : “ 1. The carrier shall during the period of its responsibility as defined in article 12 , and subject to article 27 , properly and carefully receive , load , handle , stow , stamp in order to distinguish from other goods , carry , keep , care for , unload and deliver the goods ” Article 14 is at variance with the international rules on responsibility during unloading , carriage and shipment .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	32	The high-level segment would conclude on Friday , 14 December , with separate meetings of the COP and the CMP to adopt decisions and conclusions emerging from the current sessions . In keeping with the conclusions adopted by the SBI at its twenty-fourth session , all meetings during the two previous sessional periods have been scheduled to end at 6 p.m. , with exceptions determined by the Bureau or the Chairs of the subsidiary bodies . The 6 p.m. closing time has been well received by all Parties and will continue in Bali .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	35	They reiterated their desire to have some sort of mechanism using the good offices of the United Nations , in order to establish a diplomatic means for resolving future water disputes . They agreed to keep their water activities within the parameters defined in their report and to abstain from any unilateral action for the time being , and they committed themselves to notify the United Nations before going ahead with any such action in the future . They also seek to reach an agreement on water quantities , via the United Nations as a third party , working with other key members of the international community .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	60	Affirming the importance of addressing the question of remedies and reparation for victims of gross violations of international human rights law and serious violations of international humanitarian law in a systematic and thorough way at the national and international levels , Recognizing that , in honouring the victims ' right to benefit from remedies and reparation , the international community keeps faith with the plight of victims , survivors and future human generations and reaffirms international law in the field , Recalling the adoption of the Basic Principles and Guidelines on the Right to a Remedy and Reparation for Victims of Gross Violations of International Human Rights Law and Serious Violations of International Humanitarian Law by the Commission on Human Rights in its resolution 2005/35 of 19 April 2005 and bythe Economic and Social Council in its resolution 2005/30 of 25 July 2005 , in which the Council recommended to the General Assembly that it adopt the Basic Principles and Guidelines ,
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	32	His delegation could accept a publication containing the model provisions only , but would prefer a combined text , also incorporating the surviving legislative recommendations . Mr. Adensamer ( Austria ) favoured keeping all the recommendations , not merely those without a corresponding model provision . He doubted whether the model provisions on their own would be much help to legislators , firstly because in framing legislation they would have to have recourse to the Guide and to the legislative recommendations it contained .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	37	He confirmed his delegation 's position in that regard . The course of action proposed in the explanatory memorandum ( A/58/197 , annex I ) was contrary to the peaceful solution of the question of Taiwan in keeping with the “ one-China ” policy , which provided the best basis for resolving the matter amicably . Therefore , his delegation could not support the request for the inclusion of a supplementary item .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	54	We consider this to be an opportunity to learn , to share our experiences and to engage in an honest assessment of our performance , so that we may strengthen our resolve to act more vigorously on our common Declaration . The International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies has tried to keep the promise it made at the 2001 special session . Five years ago , our HIV/AIDS activities were rather limited .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	51	However , fieldwork did provide an opportunity to appreciate the operational sustainability of national programmes in one particular respect , namely the ability to develop and manage appropriate information systems concerning in particular Empretecos , consultants and other suppliers of services and trainers . As was mentioned earlier , few programmes keep up-to-date files on Empretecos and other stakeholders . Only in one case was it possible to obtain satisfactory information on Empretecos , consultants and trainers .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	27	Especially recommends the integration of countries from Central America and the Caribbean into the Geocentric Reference System for the Americas project ; Further recommends that all countries keep working on the integration and dissemination of gravity and levelling data to support the unification of the height system . Draft resolution 8/8 Satellite data
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	41	Cooperation with human rights mechanisms At its seventh session , the Human Rights Council examined the human rights situation in Turkmenistan under the Complaint Procedure established pursuant to Human Rights Council resolution 5/1 of 18 June 2007 , and decided to keep the situation under review . Cooperation with treaty bodies
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	45	Reiterates its firm support for the mission of good offices of the Secretary-General in order to assist the parties in complying with the request made by the General Assembly in its resolutions on the question of the Falkland Islands ( Malvinas ) ; Decides to keep under review the question of the Falkland Islands ( Malvinas ) subject to the directives that the General Assembly has issued and may issue in that regard . Notes
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	19	1.3.3 Insert a new 1.3.3 to read as follows : `` Records of all safety training undertaken shall be kept by the employer and made available to the employee if requested. `` . Renumber existing 1.3.3 as 1.3.4 .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	35	During its visit the Panel was permitted to inspect some of the arms and ammunition that the United States Embassy had imported under an exemption from the arms embargo . The arms and ammunition are kept in secure facilities ( in a robust building with reinforced doors ) , are surrounded by a high fence and are under 24-hour armed guard and video surveillance . Pacific Architects and Engineers ( PAE ) , the contractor responsible for maintaining those arms and ammunition , undertakes regular weapons and ammunition inspections , and armoury personnel are required to adhere to detailed standard operating procedures .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its sixty-first session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Integrated Mission in Timor-Leste ” . 84th plenary meeting 22 December 2006
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	44	Reports that the venerable liner , which has been in service since 1936 , was to be retired struck a nostalgic note in many of us . But the Cunard line , influenced by unpleasant economic facts and not sentiment , has decided to keep the Queen Mary in service until next Spring at least . A new queen , with the prosaic title of Q3 , had been planned for several years to replace the Queen Mary .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	57	In addition , our Committee calls on the High Contracting Parties to the Fourth Geneva Convention to take urgent and decisive action to uphold their obligation under article 1 , to respect and to ensure respect for the present Convention in all circumstances . Our Committee for its part stands ready to assist in that effort in keeping with the mandate entrusted to it by the General Assembly . Before closing , I would like to pay warm homage and express the sincere gratitude of the Committee to the men and women of UNRWA and other organizations who are risking their own lives in order to assist the Palestinian people. Tribute should be paid to the courage and devotion shown in their work under the extremely dangerous conditions of war in Gaza .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	57	( h ) Evaluate information technology infrastructure and recommend hardware and software tools to augment the current technological base for investment management in the Investment Management Service , including cost estimates and staff requirements , if any ; ( i ) Evaluate the current use of three custodians plus a Master Record Keeper for custody and record keeping , performance measurement and reporting of the Fund 's assets ; ( j ) Propose a management structure for the Fund 's real estate investments , including specific resources and skills required in the Investment Management Service for implementation ;
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	36	China has reported that no DDT has been used for disease vector control since 2003 and future use is reserved only for malaria outbreaks . Angola , Botswana , Ecuador , the Philippines and Senegal reported keeping stocks in the event of malaria outbreaks in those countries . This could result in such stocks becoming obsolete and of poor quality if not used within the normal shelf-life of the chemical .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	64	The slogan of three cleans are clean water , clean air and clean soil which are similar to the principle of 3 R ( reduction , revival and recycling ) being implemented step by step . Regarding to the hard wastes management , the Ministry has divided the waste into two types , that is household wastes and hazardous wastes and these wastes are kept separately according to the technical standards so as to ensure the safety to the environment and public health . Meanwhile , the Ministry of Environment would like to express its admiration to the provincial-municipal leadership who has paid the attention on gradually arranging the wastes disposal field according to the environmental technical standard .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	49	We call on Burundian political actors , all institutions and their officials , to set a good example by promoting this supportive behaviour . We also ask Burundians to show continued solidarity at this time , to close ranks with their leaders and defence and security forces and to keep up efforts to seek and maintain peace and security . Let no one use this decision on rotation as an excuse to undermine the country 's security , to spread fear among the people or , even more emphatically , to prevent officials in their various departments from going about their daily duties .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	43	The court may conduct a brief investigation prior to issuing the order if it deems the documents in support of the application inadequate . If it issues the travel ban , it may order the deposit of the defendant 's passport for safe keeping by the court and the communication of the travel ban to all the Sultanate 's exit/entry points . Article 428 of the same Code provides as follows :
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	45	Arts. 76 and 77 of the 1969 Vienna Convention . 78 , para. 1 ( c ) : “ … the functions of a depositary ( … ) comprise ( … ) : ( c ) receiving any signatures to the treaty and receiving and keeping custody of any instruments , notifications and communications relating to it ” . “ The functions of the depositary of a treaty are international in character and the depositary is under an obligation to act impartially in their performance .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	30	Azerbaijan fully supports such an approach . We also believe that the representation of the States of Asia , Africa and Latin America in the Security Council should be in keeping with modern political realities . We have already expressed , and today we reconfirm , our support for the election of Germany and Japan as permanent members of the Security Council .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	75	As we gather here , thousands of innocent civilians , including women and children , continue to be victimized by the fratricidal conflict in the Sudanese region of Darfur . My Government therefore welcomes the commitment of the international community to replace the existing African Union Mission in Sudan ( AMIS ) with a hybrid United Nations-African Union mission , invested , of course , this time around , with a more active mandate to keep and enforce peace in Darfur . We in the Gambia have been in the forefront in the African Union 's peace efforts in Darfur , and we will certainly continue to support the international effort with a substantial contribution of Gambian troops to serve in the new arrangement .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	34	By adopting the Millennium Development Goals , the world has set itself the task of reducing extreme poverty by half by 2015 . Let us give ourselves and the United Nations the means for keeping that promise . It is through dialogue that it is possible to address the conflict in the Middle East , the stabilization of Iraq and the nuclear crisis with Iran , and all the parties concerned should do everything they can to avoid fanning the flames of discord .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Force in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-fifth session , under the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations peacekeeping forces in the Middle East ” , the sub-item entitled “ United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon ” . The representatives of Bahrain , Nepal , Slovenia , the Syrian Arab Republic and Viet Nam later stated that , had they been present during the voting , they would have voted in favour .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	49	During the seventeenth and eighteenth sessions , the Registrar reported on several matters pertaining to the Library , including the integrated library system , the library catalogue , online databases and the need for increased library space . At its seventeenth session , the Tribunal requested the Registrar to keep the question of expansion of the library under review and to seek suitable sources of funding . A list of donors to the Library is contained in annex I to the present report .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	78	That tragedy , which we all wish had not happened , plunged the region into another bloody episode in a war that seems to have no end . The Philippines condemns the suicide bombing in Netanya and the resulting cycle of violence and counter-violence , from the assassination by Israel of suspected militants to the torrent of death and destruction unleashed by Palestinian extremists , which shattered the fragile truce that the international community has been trying to keep in place since February . The Philippines recognizes Israel 's right to legitimate self-defence as a result of the latest suicide bomb set off inside its territory , but we strongly feel that that should not be seen as a licence for Israel to take extrajudicial actions .
keep%2:41:01::	keep.v	31	I have no one but myself to worry about '' . Something in my voice must have touched her deeply because her anger passed quickly , and she turned away to keep me from seeing her face . `` I 'm sorry '' , she said .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	28	Significant progress has been made towards establishing a nuclear-weapon-free zone in Central Asia . Estimated global military expenditures exceeded $ 1 trillion in 2004 and were projected to keep rising . While participation has improved in the United Nations Register of Conventional Arms and the Standardized Instrument for Reporting Military Expenditures , greater progress with a view to universal participation is needed , particularly on military expenditures .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	52	Minority views were also expressed that the draft instrument should cover inland carriers and that a uniform liability system should still be considered . While there was general support for the creation of different regimes for maritime and non-maritime performing parties , it was proposed that a reference to national law be kept in article 8 ( b ) , and it was suggested that this reference could be qualified by referring to national mandatory law that is similar to or based upon existing conventions . It was stated that the proposal in section I of document A/CN.9/WG.III/WP.34 did not solve all problems that a specific reference to national law would solve , since , for example , without a reference to national law in article 8 ( b ) , it would not be possible for the owner of goods to sue a contracting carrier on the basis of the national law governing the carriage of goods by road .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	42	In that context , it should define precisely the contents of the international rule of law and emphasize the fundamental principles on which it rested with a view to fostering their effective implementation . One of the sub-topics which would be in keeping with the recommendation made in paragraph 5 of General Assembly resolution 61/39 was the observance of the international rule of law . Under that heading it would be possible to tackle the implementation in good faith of the international obligations assumed by States , the peaceful solution of international disputes and the subjection of international organizations to the principle of legality .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	55	Introduction Pursuant to General Assembly resolution 59/46 of 2 December 2004 and upon the recommendation of the Ad Hoc Committee , the Sixth Committee decided , at its 1st meeting , on 3 October 2005 , to establish a working group with a view to finalizing the draft comprehensive convention on international terrorism and to keep on its agenda the question of convening a high-level conference under the auspices of the United Nations to formulate a joint organized response of the international community to terrorism in all its forms and manifestations . At the same meeting , the Sixth Committee elected Rohan Perera ( Sri Lanka ) as Chairman of the Working Group .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	46	In Asia and Latin America , there has been some success with land titling and registration ( see , for example , boxes V , VI and VII ) . In Africa , registration programmes have often proved to be slow , expensive and difficult to keep up to date and hard for poor people to access . As a result , very little rural land has been registered , and formal tenure covers only between 2 and 10 per cent of the land .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	49	This leads us to believe that there is no justification for the National Liberation Forces ( FNL ) to remain outside the peace process . In this respect , we hope that the FNL joins the peace process before the end of the year , and we should therefore keep the pressure on them . In spite of the efforts being deployed by the Transitional Government , the serious economic constraints faced by Burundi is creating a difficult situation in which the Burundian population is not seeing a real dividend of peace .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	51	Having considered the report of the Commission on the work of its thirty-third session , Concerned that activities undertaken by other bodies of the United Nations system in the field of international trade law without coordination with the Commission might lead to undesirable duplication of efforts and would not be in keeping with the aim of promoting efficiency , consistency and coherence in the unification and harmonization of international trade law , as stated in its resolution 37/106 of 16 December 1982 , Stressing the importance of the further development of the Case Law on United Nations Commission on International Trade Law Texts in promoting the uniform application of the legal texts of the Commission and its value for government officials , practitioners and academics ,
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	48	He said , “ poverty elimination is a fundamental factor in conflict prevention ” . ( A/55/PV.6 , p. 13 ) . He went on to say that it was necessary that countries become aware of that relationship in order to refine a system of conflict resolution in keeping with the new international setting . For Argentina , the most efficient way of preventing conflicts is to tackle their real causes .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	70	Turkey will continue to be a leading country in further advancing the goals of this initiative which enjoys worldwide backing , including from the European Union and the Organization of the Islamic Conference . We hope that the Group of Friends of the Alliance of Civilizations , which now consists of 14 international organizations and 76 countries representing different regions ranging from Latin America to Africa and Asia , will keep growing . In this vein , we look forward to hosting the second Forum meeting of the Alliance of Civilizations in Istanbul next April .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	41	Does it really make sense that we demand that Mr. Arafat , while he is under siege at his place of residence by heavy Israeli machinery , stop the defensive reaction of the Palestinian people ? How can the Palestinian Authority keep order and security in the face of daily Israeli attempts to destroy the Palestinian security apparatus ? How can the situation in the occupied territories be calmed when they are under daily bombardment by air , sea and land by the occupation force ?
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	52	With respect to the United Nations mission in East Timor after independence , we fully agree with the Secretary-General 's basic assessment that the continued assistance of the international community will be required , considering the still weak security environment of East Timor and its fragile administrative and economic foundations . In keeping with the East Timorese people 's efforts to become self-reliant in the shortest possible time , a gradual exit strategy for the United Nations peacekeeping mission should be planned and implemented in a way that will not diminish all the progress that has been achieved up to now . We hope that the planners can work out a downsizing programme that strikes a good balance between the United Nations assessed contributions and the roles of bilateral and multilateral donors .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	59	We also wish to commend those countries which have provided troops , and we look forward to the full deployment of the Mission . We note that by next Monday , the third phase of the deployment in both countries will be fully under way , leading to the establishment and monitoring of a temporary security zone , in keeping with the Agreement on Cessation of Hostilities . My delegation is encouraged by the fact that both countries have , over the past five months , maintained the ceasefire successfully brokered by the Organization of African Unity ( OAU ) , and we commend the OAU and its special representative , President Bouteflika of Algeria .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	106	Reaffirms that any act of enforced disappearance is an offence to human dignity and a grave and flagrant violation of the human rights and fundamental freedoms proclaimed in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights1 and reaffirmed and developed in other international instruments in this field , as well as a violation of the rules of international law ; and that no State shall practise , permit or tolerate enforced disappearances as proclaimed in the Declaration on the Protection of All Persons from Enforced Disappearances ; Urges all Governments to take appropriate legislative or other steps to prevent and suppress the practice of enforced disappearances , in keeping with the Declaration , and to take action to that end at the national and regional levels and in cooperation with the United Nations , including through the provision of technical assistance ; Calls upon Governments to take steps to ensure that , when a state of emergency is introduced , the protection of human rights is ensured , in particular as regards the prevention of enforced disappearances ;
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	43	- That it is certain she can acquire her husband 's nationality . In addition , under article 71 of the Nationality Act , “ a foreign woman who marries a Mauritanian man may , if the personal status law allows her to keep her nationality of origin , decline the acquisition of Mauritanian nationality for a period of one year as from the entry into force of this Act ” . Likewise , “ a Mauritanian woman who marries a foreigner whose national laws allow a woman to take her husband 's nationality may renounce her Mauritanian nationality in the manner and time prescribed in the preceding article ” ( art .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	50	The international community 's responsibility , therefore , can not simply end with the cessation of hostilities or even with elections ; sustained assistance for good governance and economic development through post-conflict support are also required . The mandate of the Council requires varied responses , including making peace , keeping peace and sustaining the peace . There is clearly a need for the Council to review the modalities of applying sanctions in order to protect civilian populations from prolonged suffering and also from being punished for the crimes of others who caused the suffering in the first place .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	66	Lastly , I think we need , as indicated in the report , the right kind of environment in Liberia to deliver assistance . The anti-sanctions campaign , with its knock-on effects on the environment for agencies and non-governmental organizations , is not helpful and needs to be changed so that there is an enabling environment for non-governmental organizations and United Nations agencies to operate and keep a presence there . In response to the question by the representative of the United States , on the difference between the humanitarian situation before the imposition of sanctions , in March this year , and since , I think that , simply put , the humanitarian situation was abysmal prior to March 2001 , and it remains abysmal today .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	54	The Convention protects sites and objects of cultural value located in the sea from pillage and other illegal acts and thus completes UNESCO 's regulatory architecture for protecting the cultural heritage of the entire world . In conformity with the requirements of the General Assembly 's relevant resolutions , the UNESCO Convention is in keeping with international law in effect , including the Convention on the Law of the Sea . We thank the Secretary-General for his wide-reaching and comprehensive report contained in document A/56/58 .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	26	( c ) With respect to unlocated claimants , that this matter should be referred to a future informal meeting . The Council also decided to keep the above-mentioned matters on its agenda . Given the current level of income to the Compensation Fund , the Council decided to defer consideration of the issue of the payment of environmental claims to a future session .
keep%2:32:00::	keep.v	92	Article 6 grants the Unit the power to request the Office of the Attorney General and other legally competent authorities to take precautionary measures within the procedural limits of the Code of Criminal Procedure and the laws regulating the practices of such authorities and requires oversight authorities to verify compliance by financial institutions with the Act and to report suspicious financial activities . Articles 8 and 9 set forth the obligations of financial institutions provided for in the Act with regard to the administration of various types of client accounts and the keeping of records of domestic and international financial transactions . In addition , such institutions must keep , for a period of five years from the end of the respective transaction or the closure of the account , as the case may be , client records and data and other documents required to be maintained by them for the purpose of cooperation with the competent authorities in implementing the provisions of this Act .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	21	Risk is inherent in the microfinance industry . Effective risk management is seen as the only way for microfinance institutions to keep functioning . Several types of risk apply to MMP :
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	31	The disqualification which may be imposed in the event that these rules are ignored has the same purpose . Hence this is an interference based on a law which is in keeping with the objectives of the Covenant . Lastly , it should be emphasized that the law entrusts the task of imposing this disqualification to a court , clearly affording an additional safeguard for those concerned .
keep%2:40:01::	keep.v	32	In pursuance of rule 51 , the Security Council “ may decide that for a private meeting the record shall be made in a single copy alone . This record shall be kept by the Secretary-General . The representatives of the States which have participated in the meeting shall , within a period of ten days , inform the Secretary-General of any corrections they wish to have made in this record. ” In accordance with rule 55 , the Security Council shall issue a communiqué through the Secretary-General , at the close of each private meeting .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	25	As stated above , the ICTR judges felt that there was no clear need for such a rule change . However , they continue to keep the matter under review . Recommendation 14
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	51	Education Adequately covered under the Gender Equality Act ; Measures put in place to address the problems faced by female students include the following , among others : Readmission policy — where girls are readmitted into school in the event of withdrawing from school on health grounds , bursary schemes to keep the needy students in school and the school feeding programmes for the areas worst hit by drought . The issue of enrolment quotas in educational establishments will be considered in the development of the Gender Equality Statute .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	57	It understands that items on poverty and development are of high priority within the framework of the United Nations — the “ promotion of the economic and social advancement of all peoples ” , as is mentioned in the Charter . These priorities have been postponed despite having the majority support of Member countries and being in keeping with the preventive effort promoted by the Security Council . We also believe that it could be difficult for the Security Council , in fulfilling the responsibilities assigned to it under the Charter , to achieve the desired results unless there is also a process allowing for the strengthening of the General Assembly .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	45	Reiterates its firm support for the mission of good offices of the Secretary-General in order to assist the parties in complying with the request made by the General Assembly in its resolutions on the question of the Falkland Islands ( Malvinas ) ; Decides to keep under review the question of the Falkland Islands ( Malvinas ) subject to the directives that the General Assembly has issued and may issue in that regard . Notes
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	65	Those meaningful advances in the protection of our citizens have elicited the support of the Colombian people , which is supporting the Government and actively cooperating with the authorities in restoring the rule of law and in isolating violent agents . If we are to continue our efforts to overcome terrorism in strict respect for the law , however , we need greater powers in keeping with the law . Currently , the Government is seeking a constitutional amendment to enable the public forces , in cases of terrorism , to bring specialized staff to bear in order to arrest , search and intercept suspects .
keep%2:40:00::	keep.v	17	The competent bodies institute the criminal proceedings and conduct initial inquiries . Each unit is required to keep a separate register listing of stolen ( missing ) and lost weapons by number . Centralized accounting and control are conducted at manufacturing enterprises to ensure the security of SALW .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	65	In this regard , and in accordance with the mandate given by the heads of State or Government during the fourteenth summit of the countries of the Non-Aligned Movement , held in Havana , we are working on an appropriate draft resolution on this subject to be submitted to the General Assembly . Therefore , the Non-Aligned Movement formally requests that this agenda item be kept open so that we can submit the draft to all Member States for their consideration at a later date . The Non-Aligned Movement believes that close cooperation and coordination among all United Nations principal organs in accordance with their respective functions and powers is essential so that the United Nations can continue to be relevant and capable of facing existing threats and challenges as well as new or incipient ones .
keep%2:40:13::	keep.v	53	Each legal entity or individual may open several accounts in Moldovan Lei or foreign currency in any bank of Moldova regardless its administrative-territorial location , by submitting the necessary documents for opening the respective accounts and following the legal framework . The documents that must be submitted when opening an account should be kept in separate files and should allow the bank to establish the identity of its customers . Thus , when opening an account must be submitted the identifying documents , the papers that confirm the right to perform business activities , the IRS registration certificate , the registration certificate at the State Registration Chamber , the authorized persons to manage the entity 's business , the foundation agreements , the by-law , the license , the central bank 's authorization of the corresponding country when opening bank accounts for a foreign bank etc .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	54	Should assistance come from the newly established Peacebuilding Commission at a later date , it must be mindful of the sovereignty of the nation and Government of Timor-Leste . Assistance must be carried out in coherence with the United Nations offices on the ground to ensure that it is all well coordinated and in keeping with the wishes of the people , and can be sustained by their Government when the United Nations finally takes its leave . Fiji participated in the United Nations Transitional Administration in East Timor ( UNTAET ) .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	27	The country will phase out the use of ozone-depleting gases within the next four years . Countries such as Cuba have accessed over $ 1 million in keeping with their commitments under the Protocol . UNDP has also facilitated funding under the Convention on Climate Change and the Stockholm Convention from the Global Environment Facility for enabling activities .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	60	For example , the UNFCCC compiled its PSC accounts based on 13 per cent of its annual budget , but continued to accumulate in their PSC account sizeable surplus ranging from US $ 500 , 000 to US $ 1.5 million over three biennia . The current policy of transferring further administrative support capacity from Geneva to Bonn is in keeping with the concept of full use of the 13 per cent charge . While this policy allows UNFCCC maximum recovery of the PSC from the United Nations , it still needs to be assessed against the optimum need for administrative capacity of the Convention .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	50	If there was to be a reference to a public key , it would be preferable , for the sake of symmetry , to introduce the term “ signature verification data ” to be used in conjunction with the term “ signature creation data ” . That would be in keeping with the principle of technological neutrality that informed the text . His delegation would even consider retaining the text as it stood and adding the words “ and , where appropriate , signature verification data ” .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	39	It strongly advocated that the allowance not be delinked from the base/floor salary scale nor should its value be reduced . FICSA further maintained that hazard pay was completely separate from the mobility and hardship allowance and should be kept that way . FICSA strongly reaffirmed that hazard pay was not merely a symbolic payment .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	15	The programme management firm has prepared a draft risk assessment . The assessment is in keeping with good practice and is particularly useful at this stage of the project . The draft describes the risks associated with the project , one of the most significant of which is the absence of geotechnical and exploratory surveys of the structures and materials of the existing buildings .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	38	Salary increases approved by the National Assembly have been applied in coordination with trade-union organizations . Management and follow-up of labour and social benefits , as well as health workers ' social security , have been assured in keeping with the Collective Wage Agreement and labour legislation in force . Follow-up has been ensured of fulfilment of agreements signed with trade-union and professional associations with regard to labour demands .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	55	Welcomes , in this regard , the accession by New Caledonia to the status of observer in the Pacific Islands Forum , continuing high-level visits to New Caledonia by delegations from countries of the Pacific region and high-level visits by delegations from New Caledonia to countries members of the Pacific Islands Forum ; Decides to keep under continuous review the process unfolding in New Caledonia as a result of the signing of the Nouméa Accord ; Requests the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples to continue to examine the question of the Non-Self-Governing Territory of New Caledonia and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its sixtieth session .
keep%2:42:00::	keep.v	35	The Panel also believes that peacekeeping should cease to be treated as a temporary requirement and DPKO a temporary organizational structure . It requires a consistent and predictable baseline of funding to do more than keep existing missions afloat . It should have resources to plan for potential contingencies six months to a year down the road ; to develop managerial tools to help missions perform better in the future ; to study the potential impact of modern technology on different aspects of peacekeeping ; to implement the lessons learned from previous operations ; and to implement recommendations contained in the evaluation reports of the Office of Internal Oversight Services over the past five years .
keep%2:41:03::	keep.v	134	Circular No. 002/2006 on public demonstrations and meetings , which the Ministry of the Interior sent out on 29 June 2006 to all the provincial governors and the governor of Kinshasa , takes into account ONDH document No. 011/ONDH/2006 of 21 June 2006 and is in keeping with the Constitution of 18 February 2006. This circular sets aside the rule regarding prior authorization and states that prior notification of public meetings or demonstrations is sufficient . The current regulation governing public demonstrations is in accordance with articles 26 and 29 of the Constitution of 18 February 2006 , with article 29 of Elections Act No. 06/006 of 9 March 2006 , which applies only during election campaigns , and with Decree-Law No. 196 of 29 January 1999 in a manner that is also in keeping with the Constitution . When people break the law , the authorities take the necessary steps to protect the rights of others .
keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	77	( b ) To continue to consult with regional leaders , in coordination with the Interim President of the African Union , in order to convene , when appropriate , an international conference on peace , security and development in Central Africa and in the Great Lakes region , under the auspices of the United Nations and the African Union , to address the problems of the region in a comprehensive manner ; ( c ) To keep under review the economic situation in the Democratic Republic of the Congo with a view to promoting participation in and support for a programme of financial and material assistance to the country to enable it to meet its urgent needs in terms of economic recovery and reconstruction ; ( d ) To submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session a report on the actions taken pursuant to the present resolution .
