?	keep.v	42	We look forward to its eventual assessment of the scope and adequacy of international support for NEPAD and recommendations on actions to be taken by the international community to enhance support for NEPAD 's implementation . That laudable initiative is fully in keeping with the notion that the United Nations is one of the pillars of international support for NEPAD and that it has a key role to play in mobilizing such support . These ideas were , in fact , inherent in the declaration and first resolution on NEPAD , adopted during the fifty-seventh session of the General Assembly .
?	keep.v	51	Since both the Charter of the United Nations and international law recognize the right of peoples to self-determination , the inherent right to self-defence and the right to fight against foreign occupation , those exercising their rights in that regard could never be referred to as terrorists . This is in keeping with the universally recognized principle of not handing over some aliens . In that regard , Cuba has supported the legitimate demand of a representative group of developing countries to draft an international convention on the issue that would make a clear distinction between terrorism and the struggle of peoples against foreign occupation .
?	keep.v	57	In keeping with its custom , the Committee had raised the issue of the reservations which the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea , Ireland , Israel and Lebanon maintained in connection with the Convention . It considered some of those reservations to be incompatible with the Convention 's object and purpose and urged States parties to keep them under review , reduce their scope and establish timetables for withdrawing them . In all the countries examined , the Committee had found discriminatory stereotypical attitudes and persistent customs , practices and traditions which placed women in a position of inferiority .
?	keep.v	54	In observance of World AIDS Day , a special event , organized by the United Nations Department of Public Information ( DPI ) and the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS ( UNAIDS ) , will take place on Friday , 1 December 2000 , at 10 a.m. in Conference Room 4 . In keeping with the theme `` AIDS : Men Make a Difference '' , designated by UNAIDS for its World AIDS Campaign , there will be a discussion on changes in male attitudes and behaviours that could halt the spread of AIDS . The event , moderated by Riz Khan , CNN International , is co-sponsored by the Department of Information , UNAIDS , the United Nations Children 's Fund ( UNICEF ) , the United Nations Population Fund ( UNFPA ) and loveLife/The Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation , in cooperation with the United Nations Development Programme ( UNDP ) .
?	keep.v	56	Also of great concern is the recent reorganization , as a pressure group , of former members of paramilitary militias found responsible for massive human rights violations during the armed conflict . In considering the demands of these groups for aid , the Government should consider responses that serve to promote healing and reconciliation , in keeping with the spirit of the peace agreements . Elections scheduled for December 2003 add an element of uncertainty and potential conflict .
?	keep.v	31	In order to attract legal migrant workers , we have significantly simplified the procedures regulating the presence and labour of foreign nationals . The ideology of those laws is in full keeping with Russia 's international obligations , including in the area of personal data protection . We view illegal migration as a threat to our national security .
?	keep.v	58	After paragraph 48 ( e ) , the new actions proposed by the Group of 77 ( G77 ) as well as the new action proposed by the European Union ( EU ) , were deleted and replaced by the following : “ 48. ( f ) Enhance international cooperation to support national efforts to eradicate poverty in keeping with internationally agreed goals in order to achieve sustainable social and economic support for older persons. ” After paragraph 48 ( f ) , a new paragraph was inserted , to read :
?	keep.v	60	In paragraph 484 , the United Nations Postal Administration agreed with the Board 's recommendation that it revisit its policy on the destruction and disposition of off-sale stamps . Prior to the planned introduction of IPSAS , the United Nations Postal Administration is planning to carefully review its stock of off-sale stamps with a view to determining which should be kept and which are excess stock and should be destroyed and disposed of . This stock-keeping will also involve a decision as to which off-sale stamps will be used for promotional materials as well as for sales items such as “ fun packs ” in cancelled form .
?	keep.v	70	His delegation deplored the negative impact of people trafficking and smuggling , as well as of recurring waves of economic migrants , on the public 's perception of the refugee problem. The principle of non-refoulement - which , unfortunately , was not always respected - must be applied . It was very important that developed countries , especially those adopting more restrictive immigration and anti-terrorist measures , should continue to keep their borders open to refugees . The example of Brazil , which was receiving increased numbers of refugees , showed that partnership between the Government and civil society was decisive in meeting the basic needs of refugees and facilitating their access to the job market and to social security and health services .
?	keep.v	51	- Reporting : An annual report on arms exports should provide pertinent information ( in line with the United Nations Register of Conventional Weapons , etc. , in order to limit bureaucracy ) . - Documentation : Transfers should be supported by appropriate documentation and records of all transfers should be kept . - A verification regime would increase mutual trust .
?	keep.v	46	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of programmes of assistance to the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations decisions relating to decolonization , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly ,
?	keep.v	84	Kuwait asked about the level of women 's ' participation in political parties and electoral commissions . Keeping in mind progress made by Indonesia , in particular with regard to the harmonization of legislation , gender equality , the democratization process and the protection of specific groups , Mexico recommended that Indonesia consider withdrawing its reservations to CRC and , as part of efforts to strengthen the judiciary , to consider possible amendments to the Criminal Code to include torture as an offence in keeping with international standards . Noting that both Indonesia and Mexico share many challenges , the delegation also suggested to the Vice-Minister to consider the possibility of holding a bilateral dialogue to share experiences and learn from their efforts in the area of human rights .
?	keep.v	63	Ms. Chassoul ( Costa Rica ) ( spoke in Spanish ) : The delegation of Costa Rica requests agenda item 160 be kept on the agenda for the sixty-first session . As we all know , inclusion of this item was initiated by my Minister for Foreign Affairs , whom I have consulted and who has asked me to request that it be kept on the agenda . It is an item on which Costa Rica intends to follow up .
?	keep.v	73	Indonesia also notes that proposals to ease the embargo were introduced at the United States Senate and Congress , as well as that signs of overtures were initiated by the previous United States Government , and encourages these promising developments to be given further consideration and eventual approval . In heeding the overwhelming support of the international community for the lifting of the economic , commercial and financial sanctions against Cuba , in keeping with the spirit of the Millennium Declaration , and in observance of the good-neighbourliness principle , steps in this direction should be pursued with vigour towards its ultimate realization . Iran ( Islamic Republic of )
?	keep.v	68	At the hearing at the Tribunal , the Agent for Seychelles stated that the Master of the ship had entered the exclusive economic zone of the Kerguelen Islands , heading in the direction of Williams Bank . However , since his fax machine was not functioning , the Master was unable to notify the French authorities of the vessel 's presence in the exclusive economic zone , in keeping with articles 2 and 4 of French Law No. 66-400 of 18 June 1966 , as amended . The Agent disputed the allegation that the Monte Confurco had been engaged in illegal fishing .
?	keep.v	49	They should exert greater efforts to prosecute those responsible for the March violence and make good their promise to proceed with the reconstruction of the homes and churches that were ravaged during the March riots . Lastly , we agree with Romania on the need for the Council to keep the situation in Kosovo under the closest consideration . In this regard , the Council may wish to explore the possibility of sending a mission to Kosovo to see for itself the situation on the ground and to convey a strong message to Kosovo 's leaders about the need to work together and take the measures required to help the standards process move forward .
?	keep.v	40	The important role of the Department in the maintenance of peace and security , one of the priorities of the Organization , was reaffirmed . The presentation of the programme narrative of the section was welcomed , which was in keeping with the medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005 and with resolution 55/231 of 23 December 2000 on results-based budgeting . While appreciation was expressed for the simplicity of language of a number of expected accomplishments and indicators of achievement , the view was also expressed that some of the terminology used in the expected accomplishments and indicators could be better formulated and better harmonized with the text of the medium-term plan .
?	keep.v	77	Decides that , in accordance with the provisions of its resolution 973 ( X ) , there shall be set off against the apportionment among Member States , as provided for in paragraph 5 above , their respective share in the Tax Equalization Fund of 194 , 767 dollars , representing the increase in the estimated staff assessment income approved for the Mission for the period from 1 May to 30 June 2009 ; Also decides to keep under review during its sixty-third session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Mission in the Sudan ” . Sixty-fourth session
?	keep.v	37	Rule 110.20 Authority and responsibility on property management ( a ) The Registrar is responsible for the management of the property of the Court , including all systems governing its receipt , recording , utilization , safe keeping , maintenance and disposal , including by sale , and shall designate the officials responsible for performing property management functions . ( b ) A summary statement of non-expendable Court property shall be provided to the Auditor not later than three months following the end of the financial period ( see rule 111.8 ( b ) ( ii ) ) .
?	keep.v	19	The issues of Afghanistan will be one of the major topics to be discussed at G8 meetings . In keeping with our steadfast commitment to Afghanistan , Japan will also host a meeting of the Joint Coordination and Monitoring Board in Japan next year . Japan will continue its close cooperation with the United Nations aimed at achieving a stable and prosperous Afghanistan .
?	keep.v	13	Every policy officer cannot help but be a planning officer . Unless we keep our eyes on the horizon ahead , we shall fail to bring ourselves on target with the present . The movement of events is so fast , the pace so severe , that an attempt to peer into the future is essential if we are to think accurately about the present .
?	keep.v	37	This has led many of them ( as many as 70 per cent by UNMIK estimates ) to withdraw from the Provisional Institution payroll . The policy of the Provisional Institutions , however , has been to keep those Kosovo Serb employees on the payroll . The Office of Gender Equality has been fully established within the Office of the Prime Minister .
?	keep.v	88	The Coordinator 's interlocutors expressed the hope that he would be able to facilitate a practical and conclusive resolution of issues pertaining to the mandate and offered their support and cooperation . The Permanent Representative of Iraq told the High-level Coordinator that his Government fully understood how important it was for the families of the missing Kuwaiti and third-country nationals to receive clarification as to the fate of their loved ones and see their remains properly buried , and that Iraq had no interest in or intention of keeping the Kuwaiti archives . According to the Permanent Representative of Iraq , the latter were apparently destroyed by fire during the last days of the previous regime .
?	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-fifth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Interim Administration Mission in Kosovo ” . To be adopted by the General Assembly .
?	keep.v	45	With regard to the institutionalization of the Task Force , it is the intention of the Secretary-General to continue to address the staffing requirements of the Counter-Terrorism Implementation Task Force secretariat from within existing resources . Concerning the interaction with the Task Force , in keeping with the pattern of previous years , the Secretariat would provide regular briefings and reports on the activities of the Task Force as necessary , when requested . Accordingly , should the General Assembly adopt draft resolution A/62/L.48 , there would be no financial implications under the programme budget for the biennium 2008-2009 .
?	keep.v	29	They contribute to all the functions of the family , including , but not limited to , family creation , economic support , child-rearing and family caregiving . They keep their families together , undertake the provision of care for those who are sick , play a key role in securing food and are , in general , the backbone of socio-economic activities . It is important that social protection schemes and programmes recognize the centrality of women in families and seek to fully support women and achieve gender equality .
?	keep.v	88	Furthermore , article 51 ( 2 ) of the Convention on the Rights of the Child prohibited only reservations which were incompatible with the object and purpose of the Convention . It was inappropriate to insist that State parties regularly review permissible reservations with a view to withdrawing them , since the purpose of reservations was to allow as many countries as possible to become party to international treaties at the earliest opportunity , while at the same time providing for flexibility in States ' compliance , in keeping with their particular circumstances . To discourage reservations was counterproductive and would deter adherence to international treaties .
?	keep.v	23	The health sector was also high on the agenda of technical cooperation , receiving $ 1.9 billion or 16 per cent . In keeping with its mandate , UNFPA concentrated its activities on population projects and programmes , which totalled $ 392.1 million in 2006 . This was a modest increase of $ 4.1 million over the 2005 delivery of $ 388.0 million .
?	keep.v	26	In relation to its aircraft and aircraft spares , KAC incurred certain recovery expenses . KAC paid USD 20 million to the Government of Iran for keeping and maintaining the Iran Six . KAC also paid Iran Air for specific maintenance services on the Iran Six .
?	keep.v	65	These special laws make it possible to track the whereabouts of biological agents even when they are used exclusively for civilian purposes . With regard to the handling of means of delivery , pursuant to Section 12 paragraph 2 of the War Weapons Control Act and the Second Implementation Ordinance to the War Weapons Control Act a register of war weapons must be maintained to keep detailed and complete track of their whereabouts . Pursuant to Sections 9 and 10 of the Implementation Ordinance , the original stock levels , any changes and the stock levels on the reporting dates ( 31 March and 30 September each year ) must be immediately entered in the war weapons register .
?	keep.v	80	In respect of exceptions to air travel authorized during the period from 1 July 2001 to 30 June 2002 owing to the circumstances described in paragraph 4 above , the present report provides , in annexes I to V , detailed information on the additional cost of and reasons for such exceptions . On 18 March 1998 , the Secretary-General decided , as an exception , that all travel of the Deputy Secretary-General should be in first class , in keeping with her special status . As regards practical arrangements , efforts first are made to obtain upgrades to first class against payment of the full business-class fare .
?	keep.v	46	The question today is how best to build upon those successes , carry out peacekeeping operations more effectively and promote peace and stability across the continent . Africa 's needs are great , but so are the contributions that Africans have made for many years to keeping the peace . We salute the many African countries that have contributed troops and otherwise supported peace operations across the continent — and , indeed , beyond the continent .
?	keep.v	36	“ It has always been the policy of the United Nations , acting through the Secretary-General , to compensate individuals who have suffered damages for which the Organization was legally liable . This policy is in keeping with generally recognized legal principles and with the Convention on Privileges and Immunities of the United Nations . In addition , in regard to the United Nations activities in the Congo , it is reinforced by the principles set forth in the international conventions concerning the protection of the life and property of civilian population during hostilities as well as by considerations of equity and humanity which the United Nations can not ignore. ”
?	keep.v	35	This does not mean that their use is necessarily cost-free : such costs may be related to training , support or documentation if required . There are more than 50 OSS licences and their number keeps increasing . They fall however into two main categories which include ( a ) the GNU General Public Licence ( GPL ) and GPL compatible licences which provide the main freedoms attached to OSS and require in addition that the software and derivative work remain under GPL or GPL-compatible licences , and ( b ) other licences which grant variable rights and under which the open source code can be combined with the proprietary code and either remain as OSS or become proprietary software .
?	keep.v	30	However , the delivery figures had improved considerably ; they now stood at 75 per cent , as compared to 51 per cent the previous year . The office would keep the question under review and would provide the Committee with regular progress reports . With regard to the staff of OIOS , he said that the 179 staff members were employed by the Secretariat and did not include consultants .
?	keep.v	47	The Austrian Government and people have been deeply committed to both global and regional organizations since the very beginning of our membership in 1955 , 45 years ago . Chapter VIII of the United Nations Charter refers to the possibility of regional organizations sharing the burden of keeping peace . Consequently , there is ample opportunity for a division of labour between the United Nations and the Council of Europe , especially in the field of conflict prevention and settlement .
?	keep.v	48	The Executive Director 's 2004 New Year 's message to UNICEF staff set out the intention to achieve a new peak of focus and determination in order to fully address the commitments which fall due in 2005 under the Millennium Declaration and the MTSP . UNICEF intends to keep the Millennial target of gender parity in education firmly in its sight and to help re-energize the global efforts and partnerships for child survival . Much of the information used in this report was drawn from the annual reports produced by UNICEF field offices .
?	keep.v	29	Bulgaria continues to make its contribution to the international peacekeeping efforts in the western Balkans , Afghanistan , Iraq and Africa . Our task today is not only to keep the peace ; we must also make certain that peace is irreversible and sustainable . The Peacebuilding Commission , an early achievement of the reform process , has now become functional and has achieved some practical results in Burundi and Sierra Leone .
?	keep.v	20	Record-keeping is a matter regulated by Section 9 of the Money Laundering Regulations . The records which are to be kept are those relative to the verification of the identity of a person and those containing details concerning all transactions carried out by that person in the course of an established business relationship . The Regulations lay down a stipulated timeframe within which the said records must be kept .
?	keep.v	47	The Committee believes that the institution of such standards could result in significant savings for the Organization under air operations , and it urges the Department of Peacekeeping Operations to complete the above-mentioned review as expeditiously as possible . The Committee requests the Board of Auditors to keep this matter under review . In view of the increase in the number of aircraft managed and the need to conduct more safety assistance visits to missions , the Committee has recommended the approval of an additional P-3 post in the Aviation Safety Unit ( A/59/784 , para .
?	keep.v	21	Preamble The preamble should refer to other international instruments , which , like those already mentioned , establish the right to keep or acquire a nationality , such as : the Declaration on the Rights of the Child ; the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination ; the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women ; and the Convention on the Nationality of Married Women . Article 2
?	keep.v	63	Seychelles thus supported the establishment of the Peacebuilding Commission and the Human Rights Council , the adoption of the United Nations Global Counter-Terrorism Strategy and the resolution on development . We await with great interest the outcome of the ongoing reform of the Economic and Social Council and the Secretariat and its management , and of the revitalization of the General Assembly in keeping with its great authority and enhanced role . We hope that the General Assembly will take an active part in the appointment of the next Secretary-General , who , we all agree , should be from Asia and with proven qualities and demonstrated leadership .
?	keep.v	67	As a member of the United Nations and OSCE , a signatory and guarantor of the Dayton/Paris agreement , the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia will continue to be fully engaged in negotiations aimed at regional and subregional disarmament , in line with articles 4 and 5 of annex 1.B of the Dayton/Paris agreement . The threat from illegal arms shipments to Kosovo and Metohija can not justify keeping in place the arms embargo against the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia . As for the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia , it will continue to prevent all illegal arms trade , in compliance with assumed international obligations .
?	keep.v	76	Beyond that , we had occasion to meet with representatives of political parties and civil society , with religious leaders and , of course , with leaders of the armed groups , both in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and in Burundi . On behalf of the Security Council delegation , I would like to convey my warm thanks to all the people we met , whose warm reception of our mission was truly in keeping with Africa 's great tradition of hospitality . My second comment is to underscore the feeling we all had that there is today a real window of opportunity for the Democratic Republic of the Congo to move towards peace .
?	keep.v	41	At a recent ACC meeting , for example , many executive heads had called for such a review , citing difficulties arising from actions which they had taken on the basis of ICSC recommendations . The United Nations system had to keep pace with the changes occurring in the world . In fact , almost all organs and organizations had themselves undergone review and renewal in recent years .
?	keep.v	44	When the agrarian land reforms had first been introduced and the moratorium on the sale of land had been lifted , the law in question had proved useful in preventing the fragmentation of plots of agricultural land . While peasant farmers were able to keep their land and therefore had a guaranteed source of income , it had given rise to discrimination where , for instance , a divorced couple were unable to divide the joint estate equally because part of it consisted of land . To reduce such discrimination , a draft set of amendments to the law providing for exceptions to the ban on the division of plots in the case of divorce was currently being considered by Parliament .
?	keep.v	61	Among those with the biggest increases were Ecuador ( 10 per cent ) , owing to the expansion of private debt , and Uruguay ( 19 per cent ) , which undertook new commitments with multilateral institutions . More than half of the Latin American and Caribbean countries — generally those whose economies are more open than the regional average ― kept their two traditional debt burden indicators within a moderate range . In contrast , Bolivia , Brazil and Peru , which were among the most heavily indebted nations , had an external debt/GDP ratio of close to 50 per cent and a debt/exports ratio of around 300 per cent .
?	keep.v	80	Lastly , she considered that the draft articles contained a well-constructed , balanced , exhaustive and consistent text and supported the idea of recommending that the General Assembly should take note of them in a resolution , annexing them thereto . However , she stressed that the subject of State responsibility should not be abandoned and that the General Assembly should not merely take note of the draft articles , but also recommend that States should consider them carefully and keep the matter under review with a view to the conclusion of a convention in the future . Mr. Prandler ( Hungary ) said he firmly believed that , once concluded , the draft articles on the responsibility of States for internationally wrongful acts would rank among the outstanding instruments and important conventions adopted by the Commission .
?	keep.v	59	We are even more concerned by the assertion that this criminal undertaking is being encouraged by economic agents located within the country , even following the withdrawal of the foreign troops that had been there . For us , this assessment is a call to speedy and effective action on the part of the Security Council and , in keeping with the recommendations made in the report , my country would like to note three possible courses of action . First , we must strengthen the institutional capacity of the Congolese State , because its weakness and , indeed , its absence in many parts of the country , particularly in the eastern provinces , have led the aforementioned elite networks — which have economic , political and military power — to fill the resulting vacuum by engaging in the acquisition of State enterprises and the collection of taxes and customs duties , inter alia .
?	keep.v	76	( b ) To continue to consider , on a priority basis and in an appropriate substantive manner and framework , the question of the implementation of the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations related to assistance to third States affected by the application of sanctions under Chapter VII of the Charter based on all of the related reports of the Secretary-General and the proposals submitted on the question ; ( c ) To keep on its agenda the question of the peaceful settlement of disputes between States ; ( d ) To consider , as appropriate , any proposal referred to it by the General Assembly in the implementation of the decisions of the High-level Plenary Meeting of the sixtieth session of the Assembly in September 2005 that concern the Charter and any amendments thereto ;
?	keep.v	28	electronic transfer - see `bank transfer ' , above ; entity - an organization or business unit which has a legal existence , for which accounting records are kept , and about which financial statements are prepared ; estimate - an approximate calculation of quantity or degree or worth ;
?	keep.v	36	The President : I shall now call on those representatives who wish to speak in explanation of position on the resolution just adopted . Mr. Elnaggar ( Egypt ) ( spoke in Arabic ) : In keeping with our position , which we made clear during the discussion of agenda item 127 , “ Human resources management ” , in formal and informal meetings of the Fifth Committee , the delegation of Egypt would like to state the following points . First , the resolution the Assembly has just adopted reflects the positive , constructive spirit that should prevail among Member States in addressing the real and legitimate concerns of a sizeable number of Member States , regardless of their positions on a specific issue .
?	keep.v	26	Is there , at this stage , a need to reconsider the mandates of peacekeeping forces ? Should we still expect that there is peace to keep ? In any case , the African Union did not hold back in Somalia — with the Council 's authorization .
?	keep.v	30	Arms and ammunition are determined to be kept separately is regularly separated during storing . Antiaircraft defence ( movable ) pieces are kept separately ( firing and launching devices are kept separately ) . In warehouse faculties there are no systems for detection of braking Procedures for determined deficits in warehouses are not in place , but they are defined in Entity military regulations .
?	keep.v	34	For this purpose , border authorities from the Ministry of the Interior issue tourists with a transit licence , on which are shown the date and time of exit . Every customs office must keep a register ( in conformity with the models prepared for that purpose ) in which information is recorded relating to importers , goods , periods licensed and settlement on return of hunting weapons with the intention of their re-exportation . ( 1.9 ) Customs and security authorities cooperate closely in verifying the authenticity of licences and other official documents in relation to the import , export and transit of firearms .
?	keep.v	45	In deciding to draft this Summary in a format which was separated out from the actual recommendations in the report itself , and in a way that was re-usable , the Panel was motivated by a number of matters . One was the desire to keep the substantive element of its reports to a manageable length . As the number of reports generated by the various panels increases , there seems to be a good deal to be said for what might be called economies of scale .
?	keep.v	55	We are confident that that process , which is being promoted by components of civil society , will provide good support for conflict prevention efforts by States . In conclusion , we believe that the practice that has been established , of interaction between the Security Council and non-governmental organizations , is commendable and in keeping with the Council 's real needs in the area of conflict prevention and settlement . The Russian delegation will help to ensure that that useful cooperation continues in its current , tested formats .
?	keep.v	43	Corrective steps need to be taken , from the outset of any refugee movements into neighbouring countries , so as to ensure enforcement of international and OAU conventions regarding the settling of refugees far enough from the border for their security . In keeping with those conventions , it is imperative and urgent that the Sierra Leonean refugees , currently in the “ parrot 's beak ” area of Guinea , continue to be moved to safer areas . In transferring the refugees , effective measures should be taken to ensure that militia groups or armed elements do not infiltrate their ranks and to prevent the enlistment of refugees by militias within the camps .
?	keep.v	30	There is a close link between the level of education and the employment rate . The higher the education the easier it seems it is to find a job and keep it . Unemployment is comparably low especially for those with higher education .
?	keep.v	39	cf. UNDP regulation 24.01 and rule 126.17 ( b ) ( a ) The Registrar is responsible for the management of the property of the Court , including all systems governing its receipt , recording , utilization , safe keeping , maintenance and disposal , including by sale , and shall designate the officials responsible for performing property management functions . ( b ) A summary statement of non-expendable Court property shall be provided to the Auditor not later than three months following the end of the financial period ( see rule 111.8 ( b ) ( ii ) ) .
?	keep.v	50	He was to have received authorization to leave on 16 June 2002 , but he remains in detention . The Working Group has been informed that his family is obliged to provide him with food and care on a daily basis , as his health has been affected by being kept in detention . Information received indicates that Lieutenant Colonel Mamour played no part in the two mutinies in the Central African Republic in 1996 , or in the attempt made on 28 May 2001 , led by General Kolingba , to overthrow the Government .
?	keep.v	34	Uganda pays tribute to the men and women of the United Nations for their tireless sacrifice . They serve in some of the most dangerous and hostile places in the world but continue to keep many people safe and give them hope . We especially remember and honour those who have paid the ultimate sacrifice in the service of peace .
?	keep.v	31	We are concerned that the current formulation leaves it unclear whether the “ reasonable identifiability ” requirement is to be tested objectively or subjectively . Is it enough if the assignor keeps the proceeds segregated from the assignor 's other assets , as in the case of proceeds deposited in a separate bank or securities account , even if the assignor is the “ apparent owner ” of the proceeds in the eyes of third parties ? Or must the proceeds be held by the assignor in such a way that a third party would be put on notice without further inquiry that they did not form part of the assignor 's patrimony ( for example , proceeds deposited by the assignor in a bank account designated on its face as a “ trust ” account , or in a bank account held in the joint names of the assignor and assignee ) ?
?	keep.v	40	The point was made that both committees were on the same footing and that their mutually complementary activities , not uncommon in the field of peacekeeping , should not be interpreted as duplication of work . Support was expressed for keeping the proposal on the agenda of the Special Committee and for adopting a relevant recommendation or decision to be submitted to the General Assembly . Some delegations observed that the possibility of holding a joint meeting or establishing a joint working group should not be ruled out .
?	keep.v	42	( 18 ) The Committee expresses concern at the reports of sexual abuse and physical violence against homosexual and transsexual prisoners . The State party should ensure that the Department has the funds it needs so that conditions of detention are in keeping with international rules and principles relating to the rights of persons deprived of their liberty . The State party should also take steps to improve the infrastructure of communal centre F in the La Reforma centre .
?	keep.v	28	The IPU provided advice , information and other substantive input for the preparation of the Human Development Report 2002 : Deepening Democracy in a Fragmented World . In keeping with long-standing practice , it also contributed substantially with statistical data on women in parliament . The Inter-Parliamentary Union also strengthened its partnership with UNDP under their joint Parliamentary Support Programme , which is now in its third operational year .
?	keep.v	3	General Decides to keep the item entitled “ Elimination of racism and racial discrimination ” on its agenda and to consider it as a matter of high priority at its fifty-sixth session . * On behalf of the States Members of the United Nations that are members of the Group of 77 and China .
?	keep.v	43	UNICEF rightly states that it has recently preserved millions of dollars in purchasing power since the United States dollar has mostly strengthened over the period ; however , this has not always been the case over the longer term . The Board will keep this matter under review . Information and communication technologies
?	keep.v	46	At the end of the paragraph , insert The General committee may furthermore wish to draw the attention of the General Assembly to resolution 59/313 , in which the Assembly requested the Secretary-General to ensure that documentation and reports are issued well in advance , in keeping with the six-week rule for the issuance of official documentation simultaneously in all official languages . Paragraph 37
?	keep.v	70	The OIC reaffirms its steadfast support to the Palestinian people for the realization of their inalienable right to self-determination and the establishment of a sovereign , independent and viable State of Palestine on the basis of the pre-1967 borders , with Al-Quds Al-Sharif as its capital , and for a just resolution of the refugee issue in accordance with General Assembly resolution 194 ( III ) . It was in keeping with our sincere commitment to that larger goal that , despite recent setbacks and the negative developments in the occupied territories , the OIC summit in Dakar welcomed the revival of the peace process and called for building on the momentum in order to reach a final settlement agreement before the end of 2008 . It called also for the establishment of an independent and viable Palestinian State .
?	keep.v	19	We therefore have a tough stance against immigration offenders and those involved in human smuggling and trafficking . To keep irregular migration at bay , we have a multipronged approach , with measures ranging from the enactment of deterrent laws to stringent enforcement . Penalties against illegal trafficking or deployment of foreign workers are punitive .
?	keep.v	64	The destruction of all existing chemical stockpiles in the world should be the primary objective of the Convention , since the common objective of the international community is that never , either at the initiative of States or by the actions of individuals or terrorist groups , should chemical weapons be used . MERCOSUR and its associated States hope that by 2007 , in keeping with the Convention , all States possessing chemical weapons will have destroyed them . We urge all States parties to this Convention to work to promote the legitimacy of international control of the sensitive chemical substances covered in the Convention , in order to more effectively implement the multilateral supervision of transfers of such substances .
?	keep.v	63	In collaboration with the United Nations , we have launched a humanitarian appeal that we hope will receive a timely response from our partners in the international community . The United Nations Charter promises freedom , justice , a dignified life , security and peace , and it is incumbent on all of us to work together to ensure that those promises are kept . Today , there are still too many corners of the world where conflict and tension are putting the lives and livelihoods of millions of people in jeopardy .
?	keep.v	65	Serbia reported that it had not taken measures providing for such notifications . Reporting on the implementation of measures to require financial institutions to keep adequate records , as prescribed in paragraph 3 , Azerbaijan stated that such records had to be kept for a minimum of 5 years after termination of the customer relationship , while Croatia indicated that such records had to be kept for 4 or 10 years , depending on their nature . Bulgaria stated that its Agency for financial intelligence kept a register of questionable clients and payments , but did not indicate whether it required financial institutions to maintain adequate records .
?	keep.v	20	She developed another quaint habit . Even among the fast set in which she was moving , her method for keeping an escort from departing too early was unique . When the date would try to bid her good-night at the door , she would tell him , `` If you go home now , I 'll scream '' .
?	keep.v	59	In the view of many speakers , the United Nations , as a whole , and the Department of Public Information , in particular , had an essential role to play in seeking to bridge that digital divide . They spoke of the urgent need to harness information technology for the equal benefit of all people everywhere , in keeping with the goals of the Millennium Declaration . Many agreed that the technology was especially important for the African continent .
?	keep.v	42	However , it now remains to be seen whether the DDR will effectively commence as scheduled , given the developments on the ground in the last week of July . Any gloomy prospects for the elections will stem from the failure in keeping to the new time frames , especially those related to the dismantling of the militias and the DDR . Disarmament and dismantling of militias
?	keep.v	69	The view was expressed that transparency among Member States was indispensable to space debris mitigation , and all spacefaring States were urged to share information regarding the location and physical characteristics of space debris potentially resulting from their activities . Some delegations expressed the view that , while the voluntary guidelines represented a significant advance , they would not cover all debris-producing situations and would therefore need to be kept under consideration . The view was expressed that the States most responsible for the creation of space debris and the States having the capability to take action on space debris mitigation should make a greater contribution to space debris mitigation efforts than other States .
?	keep.v	74	There are more than 5 million disabled persons of all ages in the country with varied disabilities — 3 million of whom are war victims , accounting for 6 per cent of the population . Responding to the international call reflected in the United Nations Decade of Disabled Persons , 1983-1992 , and the World Programme of Action Concerning Disabled Persons : towards a society for all in the twenty-first century , and in keeping with its longstanding tradition of looking after the unfortunate , the Government and the people of Viet Nam truly care for vulnerable persons , among them the disabled . For such people , this is a question not only of implementing specific policies , but also of achieving genuine integration .
?	keep.v	85	If it is decided that it is not seaworthy the shipowner will be faced with the dilemma of whether to immediately divert the ship to a port of refuge or repair port , which may be a considerable distance away thereby delaying the voyage , even though in some cases the vessel may be only a day from her destination . It is submitted that the requirement under Art. 3 Rule 2 to “ properly and carefully load , handle , stow , carry , keep , care for and discharge the goods… ” provides sufficient continuing responsibility . ( b ) Elimination of nautical fault defence
?	keep.v	44	All of these issues pose challenges to international peace and security . The debates on conflict prevention , held in November 1999 and again in July of this year , demonstrated the commitment of the Council to addressing this very important issue , in keeping with the Secretary-General 's call for the United Nations in the twenty-first century to increasingly focus on preventive action . My delegation therefore looks forward to the report of the Secretary-General on conflict prevention , which is due in May 2001 , and we believe that it will provide a basis for future action by the Council .
?	keep.v	49	As President Vicente Fox said in his message to the nation on 17 March , Mexico upholds a multilateral approach to conflict resolution and deplores the path of war . The world , as the President of Mexico stated , “ must continue to advocate solutions that are in keeping with the spirit and letter of the Charter of the United Nations . The Charter establishes that the use of force must always be a last and exceptional recourse , which can only be justified when all other means have failed to produce results. ”
?	keep.v	29	Since 1985 , 338 cases have been recorded . But Bulgarian authorities and society as a whole have developed a concerted strategy meant to contain AIDS infection and to keep it at low levels . Bulgaria is convinced that close cooperation with the competent international organizations and regional coordination are key elements in any national strategy against the epidemic .
?	keep.v	31	On 5 January 1911 , the Principality of Monaco set up a modern-style constitution that provided for two democratic assemblies : the Communal Council and the National Council . These were kept under the constitution that was adopted on 17 December 1962 and which is now in force . That basic text , which , in its third chapter — not in the preamble — provides for fundamental freedoms and rights , thus attests to the political will to give such rights an effective and legally binding scope .
?	keep.v	42	a ) cash and in-kind assistance from public and non-public resources available in the event that they decide to keep the child ; b ) the existence of organisations and institutions that can provide moral/spiritual and financial assistance if she decides to keep the baby ; c ) possibilities and conditions of offering the baby for adoption ;
?	keep.v	133	Revised estimates relating to the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2008-2009 under section 1 , Overall policymaking , direction and coordination , section 3 , Political affairs , section 28D , Office of Central Support Services and section 35 , Staff assessment , related to the strengthening of the Department of Political Affairs ( A/62/7/Add.32 and A/62/521 and Corr.1 ; A/C.5/62/24 and A/C.5/62/25 ) Ms. Bárcena ( Under-Secretary-General for Management ) , introducing the report of the Secretary-General on the revised estimates under sections 1 , 3 , 28D and 35 related to the strengthening of the Department of Political Affairs ( A/62/521 and Corr.1 ) , recalled that the Secretary-General had stressed the inseparable link between peace and security , human rights and development , and had confirmed his intention to keep engaging the general membership on the reform and strengthening of the Department of Political Affairs , the Department of Economic and Social Affairs and other departments . The Organization had already begun the difficult work of institutional strengthening and reform and had reorganized its worldwide peacekeeping operations .
?	keep.v	81	Even if national legislation providing for 18 years as the minimum age for compulsory recruitment in the armed forces already exists in Myanmar , the Optional Protocol will add value , as it calls on States to raise the minimum age from 15 years set in the Convention for voluntary recruitment in governmental forces . The Special Rapporteur welcomes the cooperation of the Myanmar Government with ILO on the issue of forced labour and commends as well the ILO commitment to keep up its engagement with the Myanmar authorities . He hopes that this expression of good will by the Myanmar Government will soon lead to a greater compliance of Myanmar with international labour/human rights standards .
?	keep.v	58	The demand for United Nations peacekeeping continued to grow ever wider , as did the scope of mandated mission tasks . At the same time — in Darfur , at least — his Department lacked the resources required to get the job done , and it was being tasked to work where there was clearly no peace to keep . Therefore , it would be necessary to consider how to address those demands more effectively in the context of the political , security , humanitarian and early recovery aspects of conflict resolution , and , most importantly , how to deal with the political and resource-related issues from which conflicts stemmed .
?	keep.v	28	If a weapon is lost or falls into wrong hands , this must be reported to the police . The police may also verify that weapons are being kept under secure conditions in private homes . Sub-paragraph 2 ( b ) :
?	keep.v	31	As we increase United States contributions , we also urge other donors to contribute to these critical efforts . As President Bush has said , we recognize the critical importance of keeping the oil for food programme running to meet the humanitarian needs of the people of Iraq . Working with others in the Council , we are prepared to present soon a draft humanitarian resolution that would ensure the continuity of the programme .
?	keep.v	40	National programmes promote such exchanges through a variety of events such as business forums , conferences , business breakfasts , the delivery of business awards as well as direct referral . However , since records on such activities are seldom kept , it is rarely possible to quantify these exchanges . In this area , the evaluation team chose to focus on the tangible outcome of some of the activities concerned such as the number of contracts signed and loans obtained by Empretec firms .
?	keep.v	53	Law 3174/2003 , part time employment was expanded in the public sector , legal entities operating under public law and Local Government Organizations , to cover needs relating to provision of services of social character to citizens . By the term services of social character is understood services related to social care , keeping of school buildings , road safety for students , taking care of environmental needs , social inclusion of immigrants etc . This law aimed at boosting employment for vulnerable population groups , among which were included , as a special category , mothers with children up to 12 years of age , at a quota of 10 % .
?	keep.v	42	The Special Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly that the Committee continue to be represented at seminars , meetings and conferences organized by United Nations bodies and other intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations active in the field of decolonization . In keeping with its decision of 11 February 2004 , the Committee would authorize its Chairman to hold consultations , as appropriate , concerning its participation in those meetings , as well as the level of representation , when accepting invitations . In accordance with established practice and on the basis of the principle of rotation , the Chairman would hold consultations with the Bureau members , who , in turn , would consult with the members of the Committee from their respective regional groups .
?	keep.v	88	The complementary role played by regional and subregional organizations in achieving the purposes and principles of the United Nations was recognized in the Charter . On the basis of those principles , and as an independent international legal entity , the Cooperation Council had submitted the draft resolution contained in document A/C.6/62/L.7 , in accordance with the view expressed by its Ministerial Council at its one-hundred-and-second session , that the opening of a representative office to the United Nations and the grant of observer status would be in keeping with the goals of the United Nations and the causes with which it was concerned . Moreover , the grant of observer status would strengthen the relationship between the Cooperation Council and the United Nations , facilitate the work of the Council and provide an opportunity for its interaction with other Member States and regional organizations , under the auspices of the United Nations .
?	keep.v	35	Mandatory , compulsory free , secondary education is enshrined in our Constitution . We have a new educational system based on the principle of continuous education with four levels from primary through post-graduate education in keeping with international standards . This system has produced highly trained specialists .
?	keep.v	66	Acting under Chapter VII of the Charter of the United Nations , Reaffirms once again its support for the Peace Agreement , as well as for the Dayton Agreement on implementing the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina of 10 November 1995 ( S/1995/1021 , annex ) , calls upon the parties to comply strictly with their obligations under those Agreements , and expresses its intention to keep the implementation of the Peace Agreement , and the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina , under review ; Expresses its support for the declaration of the Ministerial meeting of the Peace Implementation Conference in Brussels on 23 and 24 May 2000 ;
?	keep.v	39	I wish also to place on record our appreciation for the activities of the European Union Force in Bosnia and Herzegovina ( EUFOR ) . This force has successfully played a key role in stabilizing the peace , in keeping with the terms of the Dayton agreement , in cooperation with the presence of NATO . Bosnia and Herzegovina is a country of importance to Romania .
?	keep.v	39	Ten years ago , the Governments of the world made a promise to bring about reproductive health for all by the year 2015 . Today , I call upon all leaders to live up to this commitment and to keep the promises they made in the great city of Cairo ten years ago . The President ( spoke in French ) : Before proceeding further , I should like to turn to some organizational matters pertaining to the conduct of the meeting .
?	keep.v	90	The President of the United States was being requested to release all Puerto Rican political prisoners still serving sentences for causes related to the Puerto Rican independence struggle and the situation in Vieques . The draft resolution also reflected the views of all States members of the Non-Aligned Movement , which in the final declaration of its thirteenth Summit of Heads of State and Government held in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , had renewed its commitment to the question of Puerto Rico and requested the Special Committee to continue to keep it under study . Changes had been made in the previous year 's resolution by adding references to persons imprisoned for reasons relating to the Vieques Island struggle for peace .
?	keep.v	43	With help from the European Social Fund and the Compensation Charges Fund , the federal social services offices provide additional programmes to combat long-term unemployment and to bring disabled persons closer to the labour market . These programmes comprise measures to obtain and keep jobs , occupational qualifications and support structures . These activities are carried out in private companies , in self-help enterprises , work training centres and integrative undertakings .
?	keep.v	27	Articles 7 to 9 Ms. Patten , noting that articles 12 , 13 and 14 of the Constitution of the Democratic Republic of the Congo were in keeping with article 7 of the Convention , drew attention to the disparity between the de jure and de facto situations and lack of political commitment to increase the level of women 's participation in decision-making positions described in section 4 ( a ) on women and political life of the periodic report ( CEDAW/C/COD/4-5 ) . Several impediments to such participation had been identified in the report .
?	keep.v	36	`` For one thing you can stop keeping that child in starched dresses and changed from the skin out nineteen times a day '' . `` She 's so beautiful , and I do like to keep her looking nice '' . Maggie said .
?	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Operation in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-ninth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Operation in Côte d'Ivoire ” . A/59/419 and Corr.1 .
?	keep.v	46	According to Chapter V of the General Communiqué 4 of MASAK , the liable parties are responsible for determining the contents of their training programs , taking into account the following points : Transactions that are required to be identified , customer identification procedures and record keeping , Identifying suspicious transactions and reporting procedures , Procedures of presenting required information and documents , Penalties that shall be activated in the event of non-compliance with obligations . These training programs include the new type of suspicious transaction relating to terrorist financing ( No : 20 ) issued by MASAK 's General Communiqué No : 3 .
?	keep.v	70	We want to continue cooperating closely with the United Nations system , its humanitarian personnel and associated humanitarian personnel . Out of a desire for continuity and because we do not want to leave any legal vacuum , and , given the fragility of the institutions in the country , the Government of the Central African Republic is therefore requesting that an operational military unit of about 500 troops be kept in the consolidated Birao area for humanitarian , political and economic reasons . The President : I now give the floor to the representative of Chad .
?	keep.v	36	While we welcome the concrete steps taken by the Provisional Institutions , it is also clear that these do not automatically alter the situation on the ground . The leadership of the Provisional Institutions needs to keep up the commitment and ensure that political decisions trickle down , yielding improvement on the ground . Denmark agrees with the assessment by the Secretary-General that real reconciliation depends on the prevailing mindset of the majority population .
?	keep.v	100	We also feel that the scope of such cooperation should be extremely broad — spanning from conflict prevention and resolution to the promotion of socio-economic development , to combating the HIV/AIDS epidemic and eliminating poverty , crime and disease . Joint efforts by the international community to combat international terrorism have created a radically new challenge and dimension to the relationship between the United Nations and regional organizations. In this connection , we believe it essential to continue to follow a consistent policy of further strengthening and improving cooperation between the United Nations and international organizations whose activities are in keeping with the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations . We are in favour of institutionalizing the various forms of such cooperation , as well as making more effective use of the opportunities and resources of regional organizations , particularly in the area of peacekeeping — with the United Nations Security Council having the primary responsibility for the maintenance of international peace and security .
?	keep.v	68	( k ) Once all the requisite elements have been assembled and the relevant investigations carried out , the eligibility officers draw up a report giving an overall assessment of the facts as stated , analysing them in the light of the legislation currently in force and the validity of the application ; a recommendation is then made and a decision taken , indicating the reasons ; In keeping with article 1 , section F , of the Convention relating to the Status of Refugees , “ the provisions of this Convention shall not apply to any person with respect to whom there are serious reasons for considering that : ( a ) He has committed a crime against peace , a war crime , or a crime against humanity , as defined in the international instruments drawn up to make provision in respect of such crimes ;
?	keep.v	35	It is articulated in paragraph 28 of the report ( A/ES-10/248 ) , which is crystal clear and has no need of being explained , annotated or qualified. I quote the Secretary-General : “ In keeping with the request of the General Assembly in resolution ES-10/13 , I have concluded that Israel is not in compliance with the Assembly 's demand that it `stop and reverse the construction of the wall in the Occupied Palestinian Territory'. ” Undoubtedly , the report tells us in substance that Israel is resolved to continue the construction of the Barrier in defiance of the opinion of the international community , and particularly that of the United Nations , whose rights and competence in dealing with the question of Palestine are being denied by Israel .
?	keep.v	79	Armenia actively boosts the image of its constructive approach to the settlement process by utilizing official sources , as well as the Armenian diaspora . The distinguished minister , Oskanian , even said that the Prague process was based exclusively on a compromise by Yerevan , which has allegedly agreed to postpone the solution of the status question , while Azerbaijan should have given its consent for a stage-by-stage return of the occupied territories , but then did not keep its promise . Armenia , having forgotten about its highly advertised commitments to democracy , makes claims about such kind of a referendum that would be based on the results of ethnic cleansing and would exclude a priori the opinion of the other ethnic community — expelled Azerbaijanis — as a mechanism to define the status .
?	keep.v	43	The problems that have been encountered in practice relate to the delay of certain countries in replying to requests made by the Colombian authorities . Since the establishment of the Office of the Prosecutor-General in 1992 , international cooperation has increased considerably in keeping with its institutional mission to provide effective criminal justice at the national level and to facilitate the administration of justice at the transnational level . Results show that international cooperation in legal matters and international technical cooperation , as well as active participation in inter-agency committees , reflect the increasing importance and scope that matters relating to legal assistance have acquired in the work carried out by the Colombian Office of the Prosecutor-General .
?	keep.v	43	In its response , the Government of Belarus stressed that international cooperation is of great importance for the effective promotion and protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms . It emphasized that international cooperation must be carried out in a manner fully in keeping with international law and the purposes and principles of the United Nations Charter . The Government expressed the view that international cooperation in the field of human rights will be effective if it is founded on the principles of universality , non-selectivity , impartiality and objectivity , as well as equitable and mutually respectful dialogue .
?	keep.v	37	In these conditions , clearly , the role of natural adult support to nurture children is severely compromised or made impossible . As NGOs dedicated to supporting the efforts of very poor families to survive and to keep their families together , we are particularly concerned by measures taken that tend to separate family members solely because of their poverty . In countries in all parts of the world , whether industrialized , developing or those with economies in transition , polices have been observed that tend to separate family members , for example when arranging emergency shelter for the homeless , or when identity papers are not in order .
?	keep.v	44	All necessary arrangements were in place , and a clear monetary figure had been established for funding the election process . He wished to assure participants that money donated for that purpose would not be absorbed into the common pool , but would be kept separate in a specific arrangement intended only for funding the elections . An improved governance and accountability pact had been signed between the Government and donors some six months previously .
?	keep.v	53	Rather than being deceived , the eye is puzzled ; instead of seeing objects in space , it sees nothing more than - a picture . Through 1911 and 1912 , as the Cubist facet-plane 's tendency to adhere to the literal surface became harder and harder to deny , the task of keeping the surface at arm's length fell all the more to eye-undeceiving contrivances . To reinforce , and sometimes to replace , the simulated typography , Braque and Picasso began to mix sand and other foreign substances with their paint ; the granular texture thus created likewise called attention to the reality of the surface and was effective over much larger areas .
?	keep.v	65	Generally , licences and corresponding records can simply identify an individual to vendors and appropriate officials as a person who is permitted to acquire or possess explosives , or they can serve as the basis for more elaborate records , such as files indicating whether an individual has acquired explosives , and , if so , what ultimately became of them . They can be kept locally or centrally , on systems that may range from paper files to computer networks . Automated systems are much more effective in verifying licences quickly and authoritatively , and in generating relevant information quickly for investigators once an incident has occurred , but they also raise major training , cost and infrastructure challenges , in particular for developing countries .
?	keep.v	52	One representative drew attention to the role of New Zealand as main host for World Environment Day , on 5 June 2008 , with the theme “ Kick the Carbon Habit ” , which would encourage adoption of a low-carbon lifestyle . Those supporting the draft decision said that it was in keeping with the global sense of urgency regarding environmental change ; that it sent a positive message that UNEP intended to translate its strong knowledge base into firm and prompt action ; that it would help strengthen UNEP monitoring and assessment capacities ; that it encouraged bolder and more innovative action by decision makers ; and that it would assist in building the relationship between UNEP and other bodies and organizations . Some representatives expressed reservations about aspects of the draft decision , including its focus on problems and difficulties rather than on solutions ; its language ; its failure to give due prominence to the identification and dissemination of best practices ; its attribution to UNEP of roles that it need not play , such as monitoring and establishing environmental targets ; and a lack of attention to the bottom-up , government-centred processes that should characterize future assessments .
?	keep.v	36	The International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism , the Organized Crime Convention and the Convention against Corruption all subsequently strengthened the mandate to combat money-laundering and the financing of terrorism . In keeping with the requirements of the United Nations conventions and other internationally accepted standards , such as the FATF recommendations , the broad objective of the Global Programme against Money-Laundering is to strengthen the capacity and ability of Member States to implement those standards . The Global Programme also encourages money-laundering policy development , raises public awareness about money-laundering and the financing of terrorism and acts as a coordinator of initiatives to counter money-laundering between the United Nations and other organizations .
?	keep.v	33	The references needlessly politicize what is otherwise a genuine moment of solidarity . A more open and understanding approach by the sponsors to the views of other delegations would have been more in keeping with the spirit of reconciliation that otherwise inspires our action here today . As we recognize the anniversary of the abolition of the Trans-Atlantic slave trade , it is important to note that the struggle against slavery goes on .
?	keep.v	65	In line with the Declaration and Program of Action of the 1995 Copenhagen Social Summit , work was done to reduce the incidence of poverty which had befallen women mostly in rural areas. Through the Presidential Instruction of 1998 , the Government initiated the “ Integrated Movement on the Eradication of Poverty ” program or Gerdu Taskin ( Gerakan Terpadu Pengentasan Kemiskinan ) . In keeping with the new approach , in 1999 the Coordinating Minister for the People 's Welfare and Poverty Alleviation developed a plan for the alleviation of poverty , utilizing the prosperity approach and placing people at the heart of this approach , rather than emphasizing economic growth . Within this new approach , the Government , in collaboration with CSOs , professional organizations , universities as well as poor families , launched a poverty eradication movement .
?	keep.v	47	That could compromise the attainment of the Contact Group 's objective of concluding the political negotiations during 2006 . Only reconciliation and confidence among the various communities can attain what must remain the international community 's objective : building a modern , multi-ethnic and democratic Kosovo in keeping with the standards established by UNMIK and in everyone 's interests . Thus , we look forward to the briefing to be made by Mr. Martti Ahtisaari , Special Envoy of the Secretary-General , on the developments in the political process .
?	keep.v	45	( f ) To continue to consider , on a priority basis , ways and means of improving its working methods and enhancing its efficiency with a view to identifying widely acceptable measures for future implementation ; Notes that the Special Committee decided not to keep on its agenda the topic relating to the consideration of the working paper submitted by the Russian Federation , entitled “ Fundamentals of the legal basis for United Nations peacekeeping operations in the context of Chapter VI of the Charter of the United Nations ” ; Invites the Special Committee at its session in 2009 to continue to identify new subjects for consideration in its future work with a view to contributing to the revitalization of the work of the United Nations ;
?	keep.v	25	This constitutes a vital promise for hundreds of thousands of mine victims around the world , as well as for their families and communities . Keeping this promise is a crucial responsibility of all States Parties , though first and foremost of those whose citizens suffer the tragedy of mine incidents. This is especially the case for those 23 States Parties where there are vast numbers of victims . These States Parties have the greatest responsibility to act , but also the greatest needs and expectations for assistance .
?	keep.v	72	The Banking Act of 1995 provides for , among other things , unfettered access of the law enforcement agencies to information on bank accounts and entrenches the “ know your customer principle ” and creates an obligation on banks and their external auditors to report suspicious transactions to the Central Bank and/or law enforcement agencies . The Banking Act of 1995 also incorporates guidelines for the identification of customers , the proper keeping of customers ' records , reporting of suspicious transactions and cooperation with law enforcement agencies . These measures form the core elements of Botswana 's anti-money-laundering programme .
?	keep.v	15	Will the achievements in security be maintained ? Will the Haitian Government be able to keep a 14 , 000-strong police force properly equipped and free from corruption ? Who will build the necessary infrastructure for the justice institutions ?
?	keep.v	58	The people of New Caledonia established a new relationship with the administering Power through the signing of the Nouméa Accord leading to greater self-government and the holding of a referendum on the future status of the Territory within 15 to 20 years . In Tokelau , the people have continued to build appropriate structures and arrangements while they keep the issue of self-determination under active consideration , in close cooperation with the administering Power . And yet , despite these encouraging developments , the process of decolonization is far from over .
?	keep.v	16	Bearing this picture in mind , there are two options for this Organization . We can keep going as we have these past 50-odd years and maintain the status quo , or we can leave lasting footprints for the holistic changes we intend to make in this Organization or for reaping some value from the annual assessed contributions that we can ill afford to pay , both to the United Nations and to its related bodies and agencies , and which we need to see making a difference . Fiji therefore embraces fully the opening statement with which you , Sir , inspired our leaders in opening the general debate and the many practical and forward-looking suggestions proffered by your delegation and by the many delegations that followed suit during that debate .
?	keep.v	49	Letter dated 5 June 2006 from the Chairman of the Committee As you are aware , the General Assembly , by its resolution 60/36 of 1 December 2005 , has again requested the Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People “ to continue to keep under review the situation relating to the question of Palestine and to report and make suggestions to the General Assembly , the Security Council or the Secretary-General as appropriate ” . By the same resolution , the Assembly requested the Secretary-General “ to continue to provide the Committee with all the necessary facilities for the performance of its tasks ” .
?	keep.v	32	These provisional documents are necessary to enable the Court to begin functioning on a sound basis upon the election of its principal officers ( Presidency , Prosecutor and Registrar ) . In keeping with established practice , the Chairman of the Preparatory Commission is appointing focal points who will be responsible for coordinating the preparation of initial draft texts . Given the rapid pace of ratifications , it would also be useful to follow the past practice of inter-sessional open-ended experts meetings in order to facilitate the work of the Commission .
?	keep.v	32	With respect to the availability of health personnel in remote areas , the Government was currently examining an incentive package . Donors had also pledged a considerable amount of money to help keep health personnel in isolated areas . Ms. Chimzimu ( Malawi ) said that she could not provide any statistics regarding the Rhodes Scholarship .
?	keep.v	65	Privacy and data protection laws are equally important for developing countries wishing to secure transborder transfers of data from countries that prohibit the transfer of personal data to countries where the data are not given an adequate level of protection . In order to assist developing countries in attaining much needed confidence and security in the e-commerce environment , the UNCTAD secretariat will continue to keep under review and monitor developments pertaining to the above issues and keep developing countries informed about them . In addition , it will review the potential impact on developing countries of some of the most relevant issues described and will maintain its training activities in this field .
?	keep.v	29	The current methodology was utilized by the Committee in the preparation of the 12 proposals for the scale of assessments for the period 2001-2003 . One member proposed to keep the threshold as currently calculated and introduce a second threshold , as calculated by the World Bank . Countries below the lower threshold would benefit from the low per capita income adjustment as currently calculated and applied .
?	keep.v	35	National statistics were mostly disaggregated . The Office for Gender Equality cooperated with the Statistical Bureau and monitored statistical trends , paying special attention to labour indicators like employment activity and unemployment rates , in keeping with International Labour Organization ( ILO ) standards and definitions . The Government also derived gender-disaggregated data on poverty from its employment surveys .
?	keep.v	77	( c ) Requests UNHCR to commission an independent evaluation of the Operational Reserve Category II after the first 12 months of the trial period , including a review of the criteria applied for accepting contributions , and to present the evaluation at the first Standing Committee meeting in 2005 , with a view to the Executive Committee taking a decision on the subject at its 56th plenary session ; ( d ) Calls on UNHCR to keep its support costs , including management and administration , under review with the objective of reducing these as a percentage of total budget expenditure ; welcomes UNHCR 's decision to initiate a headquarters process review with the aim of simplifying and streamlining administration ; and requests that UNHCR keep the Standing Committee fully informed of the outcomes of this review ; ( e ) Approves the revised Annual Programme Budget for the year 2004 amounting to $ 955 , 770 , 200 ( which includes the United Nations Regular Budget contribution of $ 25 , 835 , 100 ) , which with the provisions for Junior Professional Officers of $ 7 million as well as the needs under Supplementary Programmes in 2004 of $ 170 , 636 , 400 , bring total requirements in 2004 to $ 1 , 126 , 406 , 600 ( Table I.3 ) ;
?	keep.v	58	The General Assembly had bent over backwards to accommodate the concerns of that particular State during the previous year 's negotiations on the scale of assessment and had taken a political decision to reduce its contribution to the regular budget from 25 per cent to 22 per cent . The United States had , however , failed to keep its end of the bargain , despite its earlier assurances to the Assembly that the amount of $ 900 million had already been approved for payment and was being held in escrow . The perverse practice of one group of Member States financing the obligations of others had gone on far too long and must come to an end .
?	keep.v	28	Decree No. 1384 seeks to provide DAS with the necessary legal tools with which to carry out its duties as an immigration authority . Those duties include the keeping of a registry for the identification of foreigners , so as to monitor foreign nationals who have been convicted but whose sentence does not involve expulsion from Colombian territory . In that regard , Decree No. 1384 of 2002 establishes , first , that confidential DAS documents concerning foreign nationals shall cease to be considered confidential if they are requested by “ the registree or by his relatives to the fourth degree of consanguinity , the second degree of affinity and the first degree of civil or conjugal union or properly accredited permanent companion. ” ( Paragraph ( a ) , of Decree No. 2107 of 2001 , as modified by Decree No. 1384 of 2002 )
?	keep.v	69	The Second Preparatory Meeting recommended for adoption at the First Review Conference a revised provisional agenda , a revised provisional programme of work , revised estimated costs and revised draft rules of procedure , as orally amended to take into account the recommendation that there be nine vice-presidents elected at the First Review Conference . With respect to the matter of vice-presidents , the Meeting recommended that , in keeping with the practice that has served the States Parties well at their annual meetings , the Co-Chairs of the four Standing Committees should serve as vice-presidents for the First Review Conference , namely : Australia , Cambodia , Croatia , Guatemala , Italy , Japan , Mexico and the Netherlands . In addition , given that the Review Conference was to take place in Africa and that the 2003-2004 complement of co-chairs did not include an African State Party , it was recommended that one additional vice-president be nominated at the Review Conference .
?	keep.v	10	`` As mad as ever . But Kruger 's men keep them off balance , and they do n't trust me . I 'm an outsider .
?	keep.v	56	HIV-infected persons are helped to obtain medical attention and special assistance is provided to persons with financial difficulties and children infected with HIV , or orphaned as a result of HIV/AIDS . The Government of Bulgaria stated that , with 677 cases of infection registered between 1986 and October 2006 , the country has managed to keep a low HIV prevalence . Bulgaria currently ensures an integrated , human rights-based , balanced approach in its national HIV/AIDS response , which incorporates prevention , treatment , care and support through the implementation of two major programmes : the National Action Plan for Prevention and Control of HIV/AIDS and Sexually Transmitted Diseases ( 2001-2007 ) and the Prevention and Control of HIV/AIDS programme funded by the Global Fund to Fight AIDS , Tuberculosis and Malaria ( the Global Fund ) .
?	keep.v	47	Argentina firmly believes that the international community 's commitment to disarmament and non-proliferation must be renewed , with fulfilment of the obligations of resolution 1540 ( 2004 ) as a significant step , but not the only step , towards that goal . Accordingly , and in keeping with paragraph 10 of resolution 1540 ( 2004 ) , Argentina announced its decision in March 2005 to work on the principles of the Proliferation Security Initiative ( PSI ) in cases where particular PSI activities required its support . Argentina has also welcomed the amendments to the Rome Convention for the Suppression of Unlawful Acts against the Safety of Maritime Navigation ( 1988 ) adopted within the framework of the International Maritime Organization .
?	keep.v	43	2.4 The witness ' sister was married to an inspector for secret services of the Angolan Ministry of the Interior . In a statement , made on 15 September 1993 in Rio de Janeiro , he confirms that Carolina da Silva was being kept under surveillance by the secret police , officially for being suspected of furnishing political-military information to the South African Government , through her contacts with whites , but according to the statement , in reality because she had rejected the amorous proposals of the Chief of the Security Services of the Cabinet of the President and National Director of the Secret Service , Mr. Jose Maria . 2.5 The author states that the eye witness ' brother-in-law , the inspector who gave the statement referred to above , disappeared on 21 February 1994 , while in Rio de Janeiro .
?	keep.v	44	Article 14 The carrier must during the period of its responsibility as defined in article 11 ( previously 7 ) , and subject to article 27 ( previously 8 ) , properly and carefully receive , load , handle , stow , carry , keep , care for , discharge and deliver the goods . [ 2. The parties may agree that the loading , stowing and discharging of the goods is to be performed by the shipper or any person referred to in article 35 ( previously 32 ) , the controlling party or the consignee .
?	keep.v	66	He recalled that according to the auditors , the annual financial statements presented a true and fair view of the net assets , financial position and results of the operations of the Tribunal and that it was in conformity with the principles of proper accounting and with the Financial Regulations and Rules of the Tribunal and legislative authority . The President also reported that , in keeping with the suggestions made during the deliberations on this agenda item at the sixteenth Meeting of States Parties ( see SPLOS/148 , para. 32 ) , the Tribunal had advanced the closing of the financial statements for 2005-2006 by two months in order to make the audit report for the financial period 2005-2006 available for the consideration of the Meeting of States Parties . A number of delegations welcomed the conclusion reached by the external auditors , emphasizing the importance of sound financial management of the Tribunal .
?	keep.v	31	However , the Committee must make the best possible use of the time at its disposal and delegations should bear in mind the need to save time . The Bureau would keep the question under review . Mr. Tilemans ( Belgium ) asked whether there would be a time limit on statements during the informal consultations .
?	keep.v	10	I give you the floor . Mr. Madavo : In keeping with the manners expected of a guest , I shall be very brief , and limiting myself to making three small points — or three footnotes . First , to go back to my initial statement , we are very grateful to have been invited and to be part of this international effort , as I characterized it , to take risks for peace-building in Guinea-Bissau .
?	keep.v	29	The United Nations will retain responsibility for their administration until they are executed or they expire . Collateral for the full value of the letters of credit will be kept by the United Nations . As and when a contractor meets all conditions for payment of a letter of credit , payment will be made even if that should transpire after 21 November 2003 .
?	keep.v	46	The Secretary , when not engaged in Board matters , could also serve as back-up for peak periods in Geneva and possibly New York . In addition , a part-time position should be created for an administrative assistant to the Board in Vienna , who would keep the files , maintain the database , schedule meetings , handle routine correspondence and track adherence to deadlines . The Department of Management noted that the creation of those posts would be all the more necessary if the General Assembly approved the proposal by the Secretary-General to create new grievance committees to handle the informal resolution of grievances , which would be assisted by the Joint Appeals Board secretariats .
?	keep.v	44	Strongly urges all Governments : ( a ) To cooperate with and assist the Special Rapporteur so that her mandate may be carried out effectively , including , where appropriate , by issuing invitations to the Special Rapporteur when she so requests , in keeping with the usual terms of reference for missions by special rapporteurs of the Commission on Human Rights ; Expresses its appreciation to those Governments that have invited the Special Rapporteur to visit their countries , asks them to examine carefully the recommendations made by the Special Rapporteur , invites them to report to the Special Rapporteur on the actions taken on those recommendations and requests other Governments , including those mentioned in the report of the Special Rapporteur , to cooperate in a similar way ;
?	keep.v	50	The system of colonial government established in Fiji after cession was an attempt to incorporate native chiefs into governmental positions . In contrast to French and other Pacific colonies in the late nineteenth century where indigenous political institutions were simply bypassed , in Fiji a serious attempt was made to keep the spirit of indigenous institutions alive . Sir Arthur Gordon , the first governor and John B. Thurston the second governor genuinely sympathized with the Fijian people and sought to identify and preserve those features of traditional society and organization which they considered to be valuable .
?	keep.v	31	The Committee will continue to act as a clearing house on the issue of assistance . In further examining the first reports and additional information from States , the Committee will keep up-to-date information on the issue of assistance in order to contribute to the implementation of resolution 1540 ( 2004 ) . In order to effectively perform its role as a clearing house on assistance , the Committee will continue to request States , as appropriate , to designate contact points on assistance .
?	keep.v	28	Guided by the same fundamental principles of the Charter , we believe that any discriminatory measures or interference in the affairs of either party are unacceptable . In keeping with its position , stated at the last session of the General Assembly and at this session , Russia voted in favour of the draft resolution calling for the embargo to be lifted . We express the hope that the normalization of Cuba-United States relations , for which the international community has consistently expressed its support , will become a reality in the near future .
?	keep.v	51	If the Fund ultimately concluded that those posts were required on a permanent basis , it could make a proposal to that effect . Regarding the presentation of the budget document , he emphasized that future reports should be streamlined and transparent and that the elements contained therein should be in keeping with the Fund 's requirements . Mr. Repasch ( United States of America ) noted the impressive growth in the size and scope of the Fund 's operations and in the market value of its assets .
?	keep.v	24	Saudi Arabia looks forward to a successful outcome of the session . The international community aspires to advance the status of women , in keeping with their positive and pristine nature and the role that God has created for them , without compromising their dignity or their rights , in accordance with God 's laws . Today we are meeting for a comprehensive review and assessment of the Beijing Platform for Action in order to gauge and reinforce its strengths and to measure its shortcomings , taking into account each society 's own characteristics , values and cultural legacies , which are embedded in its conscience over succeeding generations .
?	keep.v	56	( b ) Recommended that the General Conference take note that all assets , liabilities , reserves and fund balances that are in Austrian schillings will be converted into euros by applying the fixed rate of ATS 13.7603 = €1 ; ( c ) Also recommended that the Conference note that the Director-General will continue to keep extrabudgetary accounts in United States dollars , if required , but will convert all such assets , liabilities , reserves and fund balances for the purposes of the financial statements at the United Nations euro/dollar exchange rate in effect on the date of the statement ; ( d ) Recommended that the General Conference decide to convert all dollar-based amounts of the assets , liabilities , reserves and fund balances of the General Fund , Working Capital Fund and other headquarters funds as at 31 December 2001 , using the December 2001 United Nations euro/dollar exchange rate .
?	keep.v	81	Through my good offices , and with the support of the United Nations Secretariat , I have been facilitating the implementation of the ruling of the International Court of Justice of 10 October 2002 on the land and maritime boundary between Cameroon and Nigeria . With a net allotment of just over $ 9 million from the United Nations regular budget for the biennium 2004-2005 , the Mixed Commission has been able to move the process smoothly and peacefully and to keep open dialogue and communication between the two countries. The Commission met every two months until October 2004 . In addition , two ad hoc subcommissions , on affected populations and on demarcation , have been established to address specific issues related to the work of the Mixed Commission .
?	keep.v	36	However , most projects have only been taken to the proof-of-concept or demonstration stage . They are frequently not fully integrated with local needs , resources and infrastructure , and external funding is usually required to keep projects alive . Canada outlined the experience and lessons learned from several past and current Earth observation and tele-health projects focusing particularly on tele-monitoring projects in the United Republic of Tanzania and the High Arctic , Earth observation for flood mapping in Africa and South-East Asia , as well as epidemiology surveillance in Africa and e-learning to train nurses and midwives in Senegal .
?	keep.v	63	104 and 105 ) , with the exception of tasks related to the holding of the Emergency Loya Jirga , which have been completed . The implementation of the Bonn Agreement and the overall peace process will require Pillar I to carry out a number of tasks not explicitly mentioned in my 18 March 2002 report , but that are nonetheless fully in keeping with the established mandate. These tasks are : ( a ) Providing political and policy advice to the Special Representative on security sector reform , coordinating security sector reform activities undertaken by UNAMA and United Nations agencies , and carrying out liaison with the Government of Afghanistan and local and international actors on security sector reform ;
?	keep.v	22	Chapter 7 regulates the duties of the arms owners , arms holders and users . Chapter 8 establishes the procedure for the keeping , storing , carrying and use of arms and ammunition . Import , export and carriage of arms and ammunition in the territory of the Republic of Lithuania are regulated in Chapter 9 of the Law .
?	keep.v	119	The overall objective was to ensure that the principles and provisions of the Constitution were being effectively implemented in order to realize the mainstreaming of a gender perspective in all governmental programmes and actions , on the basis of a systematic analysis of gender questions and of women 's contributions at all levels of government . In order to increase women 's participation in national and local politics , the Federal Ministry of Women 's Affairs and Youth Development had established the National Action Committee for Women in Politics , responsible for formulating strategies to achieve the effective mobilization of women , so that they might register , vote and be voted for in any electoral process , in keeping with the country 's democratic system . The activities of the National Action Committee had already begun to bear fruit , as shown by the number of women elected to political office at the most recent national elections .
?	keep.v	18	Our nuclear weapons are not intended to threaten or to strike others . We have no intention of keeping them permanently . There will be no need for us to keep a single nuclear weapon once relations between the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea and the United States are normalized , bilateral confidence is built , and my country is no longer exposed to nuclear threat from the United States .
?	keep.v	98	NAWO further calls on the United Nations within its own system and on Governments - in particular , European governments - to require public and private bodies to appoint qualified women at Board and other senior levels , using quotas or other specific incentives and sanctions , in order to achieve gender balance ( 40 % minimum women , 40 % minimum men and no more than 60 % of either sex ) , thus increasing democratic decision-making . NAWO is pleased to see that the review theme is the role of women in peace building , peace keeping , and conflict prevention , and NAWO would like to draw attention to the disparity between the rhetoric of Security Council resolution 1325 ( 2000 ) and the reality of implementation . Equal participation of women and men in peace building at all levels needs to be addressed urgently .
?	keep.v	39	I would argue that supporters of the ICC take too alarmist a view of the pragmatic solution that the United States is proposing . Deferral of investigations and prosecutions — and I wish to stress this point — in keeping with the Rome Statute can not undermine the role the ICC plays on the world stage . Failure to address concerns about placing peacekeepers in legal jeopardy before the ICC , however , can impede the provision of peacekeepers to the United Nations .
?	keep.v	33	What is happening in the Democratic Republic of the Congo is a good example of a more systematic approach to such cooperation in the area of protection . We expect good results in keeping with the basic principles of humanitarian action . I thank the representative of the United Kingdom for his comments .
?	keep.v	66	Acting under Chapter VII of the Charter of the United Nations , Reaffirms once again its support for the Peace Agreement , as well as for the Dayton Agreement on implementing the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina of 10 November 1995 ( S/1995/1021 , annex ) , calls upon the parties to comply strictly with their obligations under those Agreements , and expresses its intention to keep the implementation of the Peace Agreement , and the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina , under review ; Expresses its support for the declarations of the Ministerial meetings of the Peace Implementation Conference ;
?	keep.v	27	For some time now , the phenomenon of pedophilia has been a feature of Togolese society . Sexual tourism is active as well ; no watch is kept on migratory flows . The main migration corridors are the coastal route from Abidjan to Lagos to Lomé , and the central corridor from Niamey to Ouagadougou to Lomé .
?	keep.v	15	Steps taken As concerns the speed of troop contributor responses , the Secretariat , in keeping with the recommendations of the Special Committee on Peacekeeping Operations , 1 is developing the rapid deployment level standby arrangements . The rapid deployment level is a level of commitment whereby resources pledged by troop contributors to the United Nations Standby Arrangements System can be deployed to a United Nations mission within 30 or 90 days of a Security Council mandate .
?	keep.v	44	Law No. 17 dated 6 September 1990 defines it as a public armed force whose jurisdiction covers the whole Lebanese territory , the territorial waters and airspace . The parts of the Force 's mission related to border security are ( a ) to keep order and security ; ( b ) to assure public order ; ( c ) to implement the missions of the judicial police ; and ( d ) to support the public authorities in carrying out their duties . More specifically , the Force can execute its mission by ( a ) requesting identity documents ; ( b ) searching persons ; ( c ) arresting persons ( in application of a legal judgement or warrant or immediately in the act ) ; ( d ) entering houses ; ( e ) seizing prohibited substances ; ( f ) establishing checkpoints ; and ( g ) using arms when arresting suspected persons under certain conditions and specified situations .
?	keep.v	30	He briefed the Committee on UNHCR 's funding situation , highlighting the importance of maintaining the level of 2008 contributions in real terms in 2009 . Delegations urged donors to keep supporting the work of UNHCR . One delegation expressed concern that the financial crisis could have a negative impact on the funding situation of the Office .
?	keep.v	73	As demonstrated by its unswerving political will to help eradicate terrorism , Cuba has always maintained a constructive attitude towards any legitimate , feasible initiative aimed at fighting terrorism . In this context , Cuba has drawn attention innumerable times to the urgent need to adopt a comprehensive convention on international terrorism that will help fill the existing lacunae in United Nations instruments on the prevention and repression of international terrorism , in keeping with paragraph 7 of the Declaration . This goal , which must never be abandoned by the international community in its tireless effort to combat this evil , has unfortunately been thwarted .
?	keep.v	53	The fight against terrorism can not be an excuse to justify violations of international law . Moreover , in the fight against terrorism , as is the case with other problems that affect and concern the international community , we reject unilateral practices and assessments based on subjective criteria that are not in keeping with the global and universal approach that they should follow . The elaboration of unilateral reports lacking substance does not contribute to resolving the problem .
?	keep.v	30	Brazil welcomed the draft and reiterated that the protocol should cover all rights of the Covenant . An à la carte approach would have been a retrogression , not in keeping with other United Nations procedures and the principles of universality , indivisibility and interrelatedness of all human rights . It expected that it would be possible to adopt the protocol in 2008 .
?	keep.v	52	Entity Gender Centres have undertaken a series of actions in previous years concerning the statistic research programmes implemented in both Entities which objective is identifying statistical data kept and whether they are classified by gender . Findings to date point at conclusion that the statistics institutions in their regular work do not keep statistics necessary for monitoring and assessment of women 's position in the areas addressed by the Convention on Elimination of All Kinds of Discrimination against Women or Beijing Declaration , and this was particularly noticeable in case of preparation in both Entities of the report under the mentioned Convention . In order to overcome the existing situation , the Ministry for Human Rights and Refugees undertook a number of activities to establish a singe database .
?	keep.v	49	Another example of enforced measures of the NBM in this area is the approval by the Supreme Court of Justice on 5.12.01 of the enforced NBM requirements on significant interests that were not fulfilled because the named bank 's management refused to comply . Referring to the rules of keeping the banks ' documents related to their business we would like to mention that beside the general established rules by the State Archive for all enterprises , at present it is in force the official policy of the NBM of 25.10.97 on the banks ' files , which determines the terms for keeping the documents related to the identity of customers and their transactions . Thus , there are provided requirements on keeping the documents related to the credit portfolio for 5 years ; keeping the documents of founders and the money placed in the banks ' capital - on a permanent basis ; the daily documents - 3 years ; book of customers ' accounts - 5 years etc .
?	keep.v	22	Oil stocks are a critical element of information in an oil balance . The majority of oil stocks are essential ones for keeping the global supply system operating . Oil can be stored in pipelines going from the wellhead production sites to refineries or from refineries to consumers , or it can be held in tankers , railway cars and road tankers linking production sites , refineries and consumers .
?	keep.v	61	Nevertheless , in 1997 , the Secretary-General had decided “ not to bite off more that he could chew ” and had not entrusted the technical servicing of the Fifth and Sixth Committees or the Security Council to the Department of General Assembly Affairs and Conference Services . The intention , however , as reflected in resolution 52/220 , was to keep the arrangements under review , and the Secretary-General was mandated to submit a report to the General Assembly at its fifty-third session with a view to considering the possible integration of all conference-servicing resources for all Main Committees of the General Assembly , the Security Council , the Economic and Social Council and their subsidiary and ad hoc bodies and special conferences into the Department of General Assembly Affairs and Conference Services . Therefore , the issue currently under discussion was not unique , but was simply the culmination of a process approved by the General Assembly in 1997 .
?	keep.v	95	Mr. Palavicini-Guédez ( Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela ) ( spoke in Spanish ) : My delegation would like to refer to resolution 61/222 , which was introduced under sub-item ( a ) of agenda item 71 , entitled “ Oceans and the law of the sea ” and which has just been adopted by Assembly . In that regard , the delegation of the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela would like to reiterate its commitment to cooperate with efforts aimed at promoting coordination on issues pertaining to oceans and the law of the sea , in keeping with international law but without reference to any particular convention . In this connection , we would like to repeat what we said during the informal consultative process that took place in February 2006 and during the recently concluded informal consultations : the reasons that prevented Venezuela from becoming a party to the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea remain valid .
?	keep.v	77	Uzbekistan had taken some steps to ensure the legality of its judicial process and protect human rights ; inter alia , it had abolished the death penalty in 2008 and had instituted the habeas corpus remedy . In February 2007 , Uzbekistan had suspended some provisions of its legislation on money-laundering and terrorist financing and not reinstated the most crucial measures — those relating to its FIU , suspicious transaction reporting , customer due diligence and record keeping — until April 2009 , after considerable international pressure . The delegation had therefore been concerned about the current operability of the FIU and the efficacy of its reporting mechanism since its activities had only recently been restored and although it had the power to freeze terrorist assets , no such cases had been reported .
?	keep.v	31	The contributions of member organizations were previously received in the bank accounts of the Investment Management Service ( about $ 91 million each month in 2004 ) . The Service traditionally kept 0.5 per cent of its assets , or about $ 150 million , in cash for operational use by the Fund 's secretariat . However , from early 2005 , contributions began to be remitted directly to the bank accounts of the Fund 's secretariat .
?	keep.v	134	At its fifty-fifth session , in 2000 , the General Assembly decided to base the scale of assessments for the period 2001-2003 on specified elements and criteria and to fix those elements until 2006 , subject to the provisions of resolution 55/5 C , in particular paragraph 2 , and without prejudice to rule 160 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly ( resolution 55/5 B ) . At the same session , the General Assembly established a reduced ceiling of 22 per cent for the assessed contribution of any individual Member State ; and decided to review the position at the end of 2003 and , depending on the status of contributions and arrears , to determine all appropriate measures to remedy the situation , including adjustments of the ceiling in keeping with its resolutions 52/215 A to D ( resolution 55/5 C ) . [ Among those recommendations were that the Secretary-General should be requested to provide information on the submission of such plans to the General Assembly through the Committee on Contributions and to submit an annual report to the Assembly through the Committee on Contributions on the status of Member States ' payment plans as at 31 December each year .
?	keep.v	77	( c ) Requests UNHCR to commission an independent evaluation of the Operational Reserve Category II after the first 12 months of the trial period , including a review of the criteria applied for accepting contributions , and to present the evaluation at the first Standing Committee meeting in 2005 , with a view to the Executive Committee taking a decision on the subject at its 56th plenary session ; ( d ) Calls on UNHCR to keep its support costs , including management and administration , under review with the objective of reducing these as a percentage of total budget expenditure ; welcomes UNHCR 's decision to initiate a headquarters process review with the aim of simplifying and streamlining administration ; and requests that UNHCR keep the Standing Committee fully informed of the outcomes of this review ; ( e ) Approves the revised Annual Programme Budget for the year 2004 amounting to $ 955 , 770 , 200 ( which includes the United Nations Regular Budget contribution of $ 25 , 835 , 100 ) , which with the provisions for Junior Professional Officers of $ 7 million as well as the needs under Supplementary Programmes in 2004 of $ 170 , 636 , 400 , bring total requirements in 2004 to $ 1 , 126 , 406 , 600 ( Table I.3 ) ;
?	keep.v	72	He also stated that the challenge is to begin implementing the transformative changes on the ground , and to kick-start a renewed and irreversible drive to achieve an Israeli-Palestinian agreement , stressing that resolving the Israeli-Palestinian conflict is fundamental to the well-being of both peoples , the region and the world . In their interventions members of the Council confirmed their hope that the commitments made by the parties would be commitments kept and that the parties must pursue an irreversible effort towards the two-State solution , including by fully implementing commitments on the ground . Council members also voiced concern about the situation in and around Gaza , including continued arms smuggling into Gaza and continued Hamas rocket fire from Gaza into Israel , as well as Israeli settlement activities undermining the contiguity and viability of the Occupied Palestinian Territory and jeopardizing the two-State solution , and the need for Palestinian reconciliation .
?	keep.v	80	As lead agency for the United Nations Girls ' Education Initiative ( UNGEI ) , UNICEF is working with a variety of partners in preparation for a major exercise in data and information collection and analysis to report on progress towards the 2005 goal for gender parity in education . As recognized in the JIU report ( paragraph 6 ) , the 2005 goal is the first test of credibility for the international community , and UNICEF has worked to keep this target on the international agenda . The State of the World 's Children 2004 focused on girls , education and development , presenting available information , evidence , and analysis of progress and challenges .
?	keep.v	31	Only four countries have kept their promises to increase their level of aid above the 0.7 per cent of gross national product proposed by international consensus . If every country had kept its promise , the resources thus mobilized would have been sufficient to eradicate extreme poverty . Faced with resource problems , several countries have tried to deal with the problem of creating health and education systems by asking the users to make a financial contribution or by introducing some kind of cost-sharing programme .
?	keep.v	41	Representatives of the US government , international organizations , Ministry of the Interior , Ministry of Justice , State Prosecutor and other relevant authorities took part in developing the Strategy . This Strategy entrusted Ministry of Justice with the task of keeping record of the number of judgments and criminal sanctions , compiling and publicizing statistics on the scale of human trafficking and undertake measures to improve protection of the courts ( judges and prosecutors ) from political pressure . In addition , Ministry of Justice and International Organization for Migration signed Memorandum of Understanding for the implementation of the project “ Building Capacity of Judges ands Prosecutors in Montenegro in Field of Combating Human Trafficking ” .
?	keep.v	52	His pension is the same $ 37 , 000.00 that he would have received had he demitted office at the end of his first four years . This is $ 38 , 000.00 less than the ICJ judge serving the same eight years — again , an outcome that is not in keeping with the statutory requirement that his conditions of service be the same as those of the ICJ judge . Example 5
?	keep.v	94	At the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons , fellows are briefed on the mandate and the work of the organization , the genesis and the status of implementation of the Convention on the Prohibition of the Development , Production , Stockpiling and Use of Chemical Weapons and on Their Destruction , the verification procedures of the Convention , the work of the inspectorate and the inspection process , international cooperation and assistance within the framework of the Convention and the role of national authorities in the implementation of the Convention . In keeping with a tradition spanning more than 25 years , Germany and Japan have continued to invite participants in the programme on study visits to national institutions and to seminars with officials of the respective Governments . The study visits provide the fellows with an invaluable opportunity to become more closely acquainted with the national policies and work of the two Governments in the fields of arms limitation and disarmament .
?	keep.v	72	It was pointed out that the low limitation rate of the Hague-Visby Rules might not be considered sufficient in the case of , for example , heavy machinery cargo , which would not be subject to the per package rule , but would rather benefit from the higher per kilogram rates of the other transport conventions . Views were also expressed regarding what aspects the text should contain , if it were kept . Amongst those that favoured retaining the text of draft paragraph 2 , at least in square brackets , there was a preference expressed for Variant A of the draft provision as being more clearly drafted .
?	keep.v	29	The representative of Cameroon praised the background document , particularly the elaboration of essential elements of a realizable development package from the Doha round . The Board , in keeping with UNCTAD 's mandate , played an important role in reviewing post-Doha developments in areas of interest to developing countries so as to facilitate consensus on the development dimension of the negotiations . At its regular session in 2006 , the Board should assess the results of the upcoming Hong Kong meeting .
?	keep.v	56	The third issue of Disarmament Forum in 2000 was entitled “ Peacekeeping : evolution or extinction ? ” . The articles were devoted to the following topics : the privatization of peacekeeping ( Damien Lilly ) ; a United Nations standing force ( Steven Kinlock Pichat ) ; peacekeeping and verification ( Jane Boulden ) ; keeping the peace in Africa ( Eric Berman and Katie Sams ) ; civil-military cooperation ( Catriona Gourlay ) ; and a special commentary from Ambassador Gambari . This issue was aimed at assisting the continuing debate on the evolution of peacekeeping and the United Nations .
?	keep.v	37	Regular inspections are conducted at locations where nuclear materials are used or where specific equipment can be produced . At the State level all uses of nuclear materials are lodged in an official register , which is kept at the Directorate for Energy and Mining of the Ministry of Economy . The import and export of nuclear materials , specific equipment and non-nuclear materials is supervised/regulated through the issuance of licences by the Directorate for Trade Policy and International Economic Relations of the Ministry of Economy , but only after receiving prior clearance from the Directorate for Energy and Mining .
?	keep.v	66	Welcomes the progress in regional cooperation in the prevention and suppression of piracy and armed robbery at sea in some geographical areas , and urges States to give urgent attention to promoting , adopting and implementing cooperation agreements , in particular at the regional level in high-risk areas ; Notes the concerns of the Council and the Secretary-General of the International Maritime Organization with regard to keeping shipping lanes of strategic importance and significance safe and open to international maritime traffic and thereby ensuring the uninterrupted flow of traffic , and welcomes the request of the Council in this regard that the Secretary-General of the International Maritime Organization continue work on the issue in collaboration with parties concerned and report developments to the Council at its next session ; Welcomes the entry into force of the International Ship and Port Facility Security Code and related amendments to the International Convention for the Safety of Life at Sea on 1 July 2004 , as well as the adoption by the International Maritime Organization of the theme “ International Maritime Organization 2004 : Focus on Maritime Security ” for the twenty-seventh World Maritime Day , and urges all States to work with that organization to promote safe and secure shipping while ensuring freedom of navigation ;
?	keep.v	34	Introduction This report is submitted in compliance with the request of the Security Council contained in the Presidential Statement dated 26 September 2001 ( S/PRST/2001/25 ) , whereby the Council members requested me to keep them regularly informed about the situation in the Central African Republic and the activities of the United Nations Peacebuilding Support Office in the Central African Republic ( BONUCA ) . This report covers the period from 1 July to 31 December 2005 .
?	keep.v	59	The Committee was informed that it was intended that urgent , politically sensitive translations would be done by more experienced , in-house translators , while lengthy documents with longer lead times would be handled by contractual translators . The Committee considers that the question of the appropriate grade level for revisers for quality control of contractual translation should be kept under review . In the view of the Advisory Committee , the need for quality control and the consequent request for additional resources at three duty stations for revisers and senior revisers raises the question of how best this function might be handled , taking into account the overall capacity of the Department of General Assembly and Conference Management .
?	keep.v	47	This is not , however , to condone eclecticism , relativism and laxity . Again , given the spirit of the time and the emphasis on the immediate satisfaction of self- , corporate or national interest , it is critical to combine openness and firmness and to keep moral markers so as to ensure an element of stability in a very rapidly changing world . For example , labour and capital are both evolving but an equitable balance of power and interests between the two remains a morally and politically worthwhile objective .
?	keep.v	91	Furthermore , the drastic downwards spiralling of official development assistance following the deterioration since the early 1990s of relations between the Democratic Republic of the Congo and its main development partners was most regrettable . The conference of the main development partners of the Democratic Republic of the Congo ( “ Friends of Congo ” meeting ) in Brussels in December 1997 which jointly with the Government considered implementation possibilities for the emergency programme to boost and stabilize the country 's economy and for the resumption of structural cooperation did not keep its commitments in that regard . The onset of war in August 1998 provided a further pretext for delaying the anticipated recovery .
?	keep.v	66	Resources from the Fund are to be used to assist in halving extreme poverty by 2015 and in the achievement of other Millennium Development Goals , such as halving the proportion of people without access to safe water , reducing child mortality by two thirds and maternal mortality by three quarters , achieving universal access to basic education and improving the lives of slum-dwellers . In keeping with the terms of resolution 57/265 , the Fund is to encourage the role of the private sector and individual citizens in funding its endeavours . Furthermore , the Fund will support requests received from Governments of developing countries for financing poverty alleviation projects , including initiatives from community-based organizations and small private sector entities .
?	keep.v	56	That was particularly important in view of the need to maintain an orderly budget process , a requirement that had been reaffirmed on many occasions , including , most recently , in General Assembly resolution 58/270 . In the opinion of the Advisory Committee , paragraph 3 ( b ) of the draft resolution was in keeping with resolution 58/270 , since the actual amount of resources to be provided to support the President of the General Assembly in 2006-2007 would be determined by the Assembly on the basis of such recommendations as the Fifth Committee might make on the proposed programme budget . In his statement of programme budget implications , the Secretary-General indicated that no existing capacity could be identified at present to accommodate the requirements for the additional posts from within existing resources , as requested by the General Assembly .
?	keep.v	30	Once again , Tom Horn was the first and most likely suspect , and he was brought in for questioning immediately . Once again , he shook his head , kept his face expressionless and his voice very calm , and had a strongly supported alibi ready . Later , riding in for some lusty enjoyment of the liquor and professional ladies of Cheyenne , he laid claim to the killing with the vague insinuations he made .
?	keep.v	123	The following excerpt from a statement adopted in 1999 by the Board of Directors on behalf of the organization 's 29 , 700 clubs provides further evidence of the gravity with which Rotary International views the issue of health-care provision within the framework of local customs : Rotary International encourages Rotary clubs and districts , working , as appropriate , with government agencies , non-governmental organizations and local leadership , to increase awareness and undertake even more projects that promote education on the issue of population , access to family health care and adequate nutrition , and that enable individuals , both men and women , to make informed and responsible decisions about such issues as child-spacing in a way that is in keeping with their personal values and cultural and religious considerations . Agenda
?	keep.v	57	The member States of the Andean Community agree : To take joint measures to promote within the region a credible and verifiable conventional arms limitation process , taking account of each country 's domestic security needs and current spending levels , that will make it possible to allocate more resources to economic and social development , in keeping with the relevant principles and purposes set forth in the Charter of the Organization of American States and the Declaration of Ayacucho ; To prohibit and/or restrict the use of certain conventional weapons which are deemed to be excessively injurious or to have indiscriminate effects , in conformity with the regime contained in the United Nations Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons Which May Be Deemed to Be Excessively Injurious or to Have Indiscriminate Effects of 1980 and its additional protocols ;
?	keep.v	69	Contracting States , wishing for specific reasons to dispense with paragraph 3 in their bilateral conventions , are free to do so , thus bringing in under paragraphs 1 and 2 also services rendered in connection with business . In view of the specific functions carried out by certain public bodies , e.g. , State Railways , the Post Office , State-owned theatres etc. , Contracting States wanting to keep paragraph 3 may agree in bilateral negotiations to include under the provisions of paragraphs 1 and 2 remuneration paid by such bodies , even if they could be said to be performing business activities. ” [ para . 6 ] 3. It was the intention of the Group that all pensions paid in respect of services rendered to a Contracting State , political subdivision or local authority thereof should be subject to article 19 , even if they were paid under the social security system of one of the States .
?	keep.v	61	During the direct talks , the parties must themselves reach agreement on the future status of Kosovo , without any decisions being imposed on them — with , of course , international facilitation , represented by the Special Envoy of the Secretary-General , Mr. Ahtisaari . Such agreement must be equally acceptable to Belgrade and to Pristina and must be in keeping with international legal norms and with resolution 1244 ( 1999 ) , and must then be backed up by a new Security Council resolution . Working out a compromise will require time and a major effort by the parties , as well as by the Special Envoy of the Secretary-General and the Contact Group .
?	keep.v	59	The peacekeeping system of the United Nations has to be made more effective and better adapted to the challenges of today , as mentioned in the recent report on peacekeeping ( A/55/305 ) . As we have all seen , the term “ peacekeeping ” itself is no longer appropriate at a time when what is needed more than keeping the peace is establishing a peaceful environment . Whether this task be delegated to other organizations such as the North Atlantic Treaty Organization , or whether it be the United Nations itself that carries out these tasks , we have to be able to face the new challenges of the new millennium in the peacekeeping field as well .
?	keep.v	45	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of assistance programmes to the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations decisions relating to decolonization , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly ,
?	keep.v	29	Joel came and sat mutely with her , sharing her pain and anguish , averting his eyes from the ice packs on her bosom . Juanita and Mrs. Tussle kept Kate in bed a week until her milk dried . When she returned to life in the big house she felt shriveled of all emotion save dedication to duty .
?	keep.v	57	I would also like to commend my good friend Mr. Denis Dangue Réwaka , the Permanent Representative of Gabon , and his colleagues , for having held successful consultations on behalf of the Office of the President . We believe that the adoption by the General Assembly of the draft resolution before us today will help to keep the international community focused on combating the scourge of the HIV/AIDS epidemic . Singapore has requested this opportunity to state its full support for the global effort to combat HIV/AIDS .
?	keep.v	22	According to an international comparative study , young people in the Netherlands are very happy with their lives . We want to keep it that way . But at the same time , we should not close our eyes to trends that give cause for concern : the rising incidence of child abuse , the increase in the number of children with behavioural problems and the unhealthy lifestyles of many young people , the number of young people that neither attend school nor have a job , and the number of - increasingly younger - young people that cause problems .
?	keep.v	44	Invites voluntary contributions to the Transitional Administration in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-fourth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Transitional Administration in East Timor ” . Fifty-fifth session
?	keep.v	144	The Permanent Mission of Mexico to the United Nations presents its compliments to the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1267 ( 1999 ) and has the honour to refer to note SCA/6/01 ( 2 ) , dated 26 November 2001 , referring to resolutions 1267 ( 1999 ) and 1333 ( 2000 ) , requiring the freezing of funds and other financial assets of the Taliban , including Osama bin Laden and individuals associated with al-Qa'idah . In that connection , the Permanent Mission of Mexico has the honour to state that the Treasury , through the Mexican National Banking and Securities Commission , has requested stock exchange firms and credit institutions to provide information on and immobilize the accounts of individuals and associations with suspected ties to Osama bin Laden , the Taliban regime and/or al-Qa'idah , in keeping with the lists issued by the Committee . In instances where it is established that any of the individuals or associations referred to in the lists issued by the Committee have bank accounts in Mexico , the Mexican authorities will take the steps required under Mexican law .
?	keep.v	58	Lebanon also reaffirms its firm commitment to respect international legitimacy and the need to implement the provisions of Security Council resolution 1373 ( 2001 ) . Lebanon reaffirms that it is also prepared to cooperate constructively with the General Assembly in its efforts to develop a comprehensive convention to combat international terrorism , a convention that is in keeping with the rules of international law and the principles of national sovereignty , particularly the distinction between terrorism and the struggle against foreign occupation , a convention that always seeks to pursue the principles of justice and law . In that regard , I wish to recall that even before the events of 11 September 2001 , Lebanon had to combat terrorism on its own soil .
?	keep.v	38	However , their efforts alone will not suffice to address their deep-seated problems and realize the goals agreed to in Brussels . If least developed countries were to meet these goals , their development partners would have to keep their promises as well . It is disheartening that many of their commitments are yet to be fulfilled .
?	keep.v	20	The Committee is concerned about the following : ( a ) The absence of a definition of torture strictly in keeping with article 1 of the Convention , and the lack of specific penalties for the crime of torture , thus creating a gap that does not allow for the full implementation of the Convention ; ( b ) Citizens ' apparent mistrust of the police and justice system and the resulting recurring problem of mob justice ;
?	keep.v	72	( c ) To continue to consult with regional leaders , in coordination with the President of the African Union , in order to prepare an international conference on peace , security and development in Central Africa and in the Great Lakes region , under the auspices of the United Nations and the African Union , to address the problems of the region in a comprehensive manner ; ( d ) To keep under review the humanitarian and economic situation in the Democratic Republic of the Congo with a view to promoting participation in and support for a programme of financial and material assistance to the country to enable it to meet urgent needs in terms of economic recovery and reconstruction ; ( e ) To submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session a report on the actions taken pursuant to the present resolution .
?	keep.v	41	Public servants should also develop specific skills to deal with conflict and situations which may lead to violence . A commitment to peace and security demands enhanced international cooperation in conflict prevention and strengthened capacities to assist countries in building , keeping and restoring peace . It is now increasingly recognized that the most effective way of managing conflict is to handle it at levels where it has not erupted into violence .
?	keep.v	63	The police component will also devise , jointly with the military component , a plan for the possible redeployment of the Operation 's riot control capabilities to identified high-risk areas , including the western part of the country , Bouaké and Abidjan . With regard to disarmament , UNOCI will continue to support an accelerated implementation of the cantonment of forces , in keeping with the third supplementary agreement . In that regard , it is important to obtain from both the Forces nouvelles and the Ivorian defence and security forces the promised lists of combatants , troops and weapons .
?	keep.v	36	Rather , they are the focus of a specific assessment that will not be subject to the deadline to conclude investigations by the end of 2004 . It will be important that the Security Council be kept informed of developments relating to these inquiries and their assessment . Mr. Muñoz ( spoke in Spanish ) : We welcome the presence in the Council of the Presidents and Prosecutors of the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia ( ICTY ) and the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda ( ICTR ) .
?	keep.v	15	The list , we are confident , will keep growing . Why will the list keep growing ? The answer is not far-fetched : the negotiations were very frank , and flexibility was mutual , leading to consensus .
?	keep.v	87	( 17 ) The Committee is concerned by the presence on the territory of the State party of the former president of the Central African Republic , Mr. Ange-Félix Patassé , in view of the fact that , on 13 April 2006 , the Central African Court of Cassation referred his case to the International Criminal Court for crimes against humanity ( arts. 6 and 8 ) . The State party should take the necessary steps to bring Mr. Patassé before the International Criminal Court , in keeping with articles 6 and 8 of the Convention . ( 18 ) The Committee is concerned by the inadequate training of law enforcement personnel , which does not focus on the eradication of torture .
?	keep.v	80	On behalf of Jordan , I wish to urge from this world podium all stakeholders — especially the members of the Quartet — to pursue their efforts to ensure scrupulous implementation of the road map , without any modifications and in a way that guarantees by 2005 the establishment of a Palestinian State , with Jerusalem as its capital , and the termination of the Israeli occupation of all Arab territories occupied in 1967 . All that would be in keeping with the relevant United Nations resolutions and the Arab peace initiative , which is a key component of the road map and provides a framework for peace — a peace that is acceptable to all peoples of the region and fulfils their long-standing aspirations . Along the same lines , we urge acceleration in the creation of an effective political and security monitoring mechanism to be operated by the Quartet .
?	keep.v	30	The Board notes that action is ongoing by the United Nations University in respect of the following recommendations . The Board has included comments , where appropriate , and will keep these matters under review . ( a ) Recommendation in paragraphs 10 ( c ) and 33 that UNU prepare the budget and record expenditures per project , per object of expenditure and accordingly enter the data in the Financial , Budgetary , and Personnel Management System ( FBPMS ) ; and enhance this System to allow it to reject obligations in excess of allotments at data entry .
?	keep.v	16	A dedicated website was created to disseminate information on the plan and its implementation . In keeping with the commitments made at the World Conference , Cuba is continuing its policy to ensure equality for all and to eradicate all vestiges of discrimination in the Cuban society . Since 2001 , Cuba has been implementing more than 100 social , educational and cultural programmes geared towards equality and non-discrimination , including the holding of festivals of different cultures , as part of the recognition that Cuban nationality has been shaped by cultures and ethnic groups from Asia , Africa and Europe .
?	keep.v	9	Subject Comprehensive review of the whole question of peace- keeping operations in all their aspects The announcements in this section are reproduced as received .
?	keep.v	37	3 It is proposed to replace the word “ government ” with the word “ administrative ” . 4 It is proposed to delete the square brackets surrounding subparagraphs ( j ) and ( k ) and keep those subparagraphs . 5 It is proposed to insert the text appearing within square brackets .
?	keep.v	33	In my report dated 21 September 2001 ( A/56/391 ) , I recommended to the Assembly renewal of the mandate from 1 January to 31 December 2002 . On that occasion , in keeping with the practice since December 2000 , I presented plans for the incremental downscaling of Mission operations , leading to closure in December 2003 . I also called for the greater involvement of the United Nations system in issues and projects on the priority peace agenda , and for strengthening the capacities of national institutions , enabling them to assume key functions after the Mission 's closure .
?	keep.v	30	Prior to the conference , a citizens ' forum involving mainly non-governmental organizations would be held , organized by Chilean non-governmental organizations . His Government welcomed that meeting , in keeping with its policy of close collaboration with organizations of civil society . The forum would promote the widest possible participation and exchange of information between civil society and the regional conference .
?	keep.v	64	Responding to members who had expressed support for the exclusion of refugees and stateless persons from the scope of the topic , the Special Rapporteur pointed out that the existing legal instruments did not establish a comprehensive regime for the expulsion of these categories of persons . The Commission should therefore examine the rules applicable to these persons - including non-refoulement of refugees - keeping in mind contemporary law and practice . The same comment applied to the expulsion of enemy aliens , which was not governed by international humanitarian law instruments .
?	keep.v	112	Finally , the Council continued its consideration of the monitoring of the use of compensation awards and noted that , as suggested in the joint statement of the Governments of Kuwait and Saudi Arabia dated 17 January 2005 , a meeting of claimant Governments and the Government of Iraq is scheduled to be held in Kuwait in April 2005 to further discuss the proposals made in the joint statement , under the auspices of the Compensation Commission secretariat and with the possible participation of UNEP . The Council requested the secretariat to provide a briefing on the outcome of the meeting at a future informal meeting of the Working Group , and kept this issue on its agenda . The Council continued to consider whether the special heading of loss , set out in Governing Council decision 218 , should apply to 10 claims of deceased persons found to be eligible for filing by the D1 Panel of Commissioners pursuant to decision 12 , in the light of two information notes prepared by the secretariat on this issue , dated 15 October 2004 and 4 February 2005 , and the information provided by the two claimant Governments .
?	keep.v	44	This section of the report focuses on the role of transport in sanctions-busting in Angola , a matter which received attention in the report of the Panel of Experts . The individuals , companies , route and landing areas play a vital role in keeping UNITA operational . In fact , transportation and its related logistics could be seen as the lifeline for UNITA .
?	keep.v	36	Recommendations under implementation The Board notes that action is ongoing by the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East ( UNRWA ) in respect of the following recommendations and will keep these matters under review . The Board has included comments , where appropriate .
?	keep.v	44	Programs : A delegation of CEDAW Committee experts traveled to Liberia in June to work with the Ministers and others to regarding the reporting requirements for CEDAW . Assistance needed : There is a need for technical assistance to comply with reporting and record keeping requirements attached to international instruments . There is an urgent need for an in-depth review of the laws of the Hinterland for compliance with the Liberian Constitution , international standards and treaty commitments .
?	keep.v	36	The Inspector concludes that the terms of reference of IAPWG should be formalized by a decision of the General Assembly and that it should come under closer policy guidance of HLCM . Additionally , and in keeping with General Assembly resolutions on common administrative services , the Secretary-General should review the feasibility and efficiency benefits of further consolidating the overhead structures and costs of procurement services at Headquarters , strengthening collaboration and avoiding overlap between the United Nations Office for Project Services ( UNOPS ) and IAPSO , including their possible merger , and fostering common procurement services in Geneva , Vienna and Nairobi and in field locations . E-procurement , discussed in chapter V , is seen by virtually all the organizations as offering potential benefits for the modernization of the procurement function and bringing it to world-class standards .
?	keep.v	51	Expresses its full satisfaction at the devotion and efficiency with which the IDB President and his staff are running this institution to ensure its good performance , as it continues to make an invaluable contribution to the development and progress of Muslim populations . Calls on the Islamic Development Bank to keep up its beneficial action and strive to increase the mobilization of necessary resources for augmenting its services to the Member States , and to the Islamic Ummah at large . Commends the IDB on the steps taken to implement the Resolutions of the 8th , 9th and 10th Islamic Summits on Preparation of the Ummah for the 21st Century .
?	keep.v	21	Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations ( A/63/725/Add.5 ) The Acting President : In keeping with established practice , I would like to draw the attention of the General Assembly to document A/63/725/Add.5 , in which the Secretary-General informs the President of the General Assembly that , since the issuance of his communication contained in documents A/63/725 and addenda 1 to 4 , Malawi has made the necessary payment to reduce its arrears below the amount specified in Article 19 of the Charter . May I take it that the General Assembly duly takes note of the information contained in that document ?
?	keep.v	41	Morocco believes that the search for a mutually acceptable political solution remains the best path to a definitive and viable settlement of this regional dispute . The courageous and responsible proposal of autonomy with respect for national sovereignty is entirely in keeping with the recognition of self-determination as the preferred means for a given population to exercise its individual and collective rights . In conclusion , the Kingdom would like to recall that :
?	keep.v	18	`` Running around in the moonlight almost naked and slugging a man with a rock '' ? He kept going . He wanted no more sentimental scenes with her .
?	keep.v	52	Only by allowing Taiwan to participate meaningfully in the specialized agencies of the United Nations can the principle of universality and democratization of the Organization be fulfilled , and regional peace and prosperity ensured . It is very simple and straightforward : we have vowed to the people , now let us keep our promise . The Acting President ( spoke in Spanish ) : On behalf of the General Assembly , I wish to thank the President of the Republic of Nauru for the statement he has just made .
?	keep.v	77	Where there is unused capacity in one duty station , for example , work could be transferred there from an overloaded duty station . I.33 Upon enquiry as to the extent of workload sharing at present , the Advisory Committee was informed that the loaning of interpretation services was a well-established practice among the locations and that loans were normally arranged bilaterally by the heads of the interpretation services involved , taking into account the need to keep a number of staff in reserve to handle late additions to their own workloads . The Committee was also informed that staffing for meetings held away from established headquarters was decided on a workload-sharing basis , taking into account the workload at the various duty stations as well as cost considerations , whereas editing and translation workloads were shared on a more limited basis by means of staff loans .
?	keep.v	67	At a time when the international community needs to pull together with a view to effectively combating global terrorism , the Israeli occupation and the criminal acts to sustain it , including extrajudicial killings , undermine the rule of law and cooperation among nations , which are the sine qua non in fighting terrorism . There is no doubt that what Israel did and has avowed to keep doing was a bonanza for the terrorists like those who perpetrated the act of terrorism in Madrid last month — acts that enable global terrorism to unfortunately grow further . Extrajudicial killings and targeted assassinations , coupled with other Israeli war crimes and acts of State terrorism such as the construction of the expansionist wall , the announcement of land annexation , the wanton destruction of homes , infrastructure and agricultural lands , the detention and imprisonment of thousands of Palestinians and the imposition of collective punishment on the entire Palestinian population will have the sole result of rendering the situation in the region more tense and explosive .
?	keep.v	85	Decides to extend the mandate of UNOMIG for a new period terminating on 31 July 2002 , and to review the mandate of UNOMIG unless the decision on the extension of the presence of the CIS peacekeeping force is taken by 15 February 2002 , and , in this respect , notes that on 31 January 2002 the Georgian authorities agreed on the extension of the mandate of the CIS peacekeeping force until the end of June 2002 ; Requests the Secretary-General to continue to keep the Council regularly informed and to report three months from the date of the adoption of this resolution on the situation in Abkhazia , Georgia ; Decides to remain actively seized of the matter .
?	keep.v	19	Such relationships are often started with foreigners , usually with Europeans . Boys who are in a position to keep the money that they earn through prostitution can support their families with it . However , some street boys become part of a clan whereby the leader , usually one of the older and most aggressive boys , begins to exploit the younger boys ' need for protection and takes control of the money that they have earned .
?	keep.v	55	According to that analysis , no pregnancy testing had been reported in clothing and textile enterprises but there was still a high percentage of dismissals of pregnant workers which employers claimed were based on other grounds . The Committee recalled that the lack of complaints of discrimination based on pregnancy with regard to obtaining or keeping a job does not mean that this type of discrimination does not exist in practice , and the various communications and the study referred to by the Government indicate that there are problems in that respect . The Committee requested the Government to renew its efforts to tackle discrimination based on pregnancy with regard to obtaining or keeping a job and to strengthen the protection afforded to pregnant workers so that dismissals due to pregnancy which are said to be on other grounds can not occur .
?	keep.v	48	Letter dated 6 May 2008 from the Chairman of the Committee As you are aware , the General Assembly , by its resolution 62/80 of 10 December 2007 , has again requested the Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People to continue to keep under review the situation relating to the question of Palestine and to report and make suggestions to the General Assembly , the Security Council or the Secretary-General , as appropriate . By the same resolution , the Assembly requested the Secretary-General to continue to provide the Committee with all the necessary facilities for the performance of its tasks .
?	keep.v	40	States are encouraged to consider conducting these functions in a manner which ensures that each gives appropriate consideration to the other . Flag States should ensure appropriate links between the operation of their vessel registers and the record those States keep of their fishing vessels . Where such functions are not undertaken by one agency , States should ensure sufficient cooperation and information-sharing between the agencies responsible for those functions.53
?	keep.v	48	In that connection , he noted that a regional conference on migration had concluded the previous week in Guatemala , and he expressed his delegation 's appreciation for the initiative of the Government of Peru to host a special international conference on migration in April 2006 . In keeping with its commitment to protect the human and labour rights of migrants , his Government was working with Mexico to assist and protect Guatemalan migrants in Mexican territory as well as migrants from other countries who passed through Guatemala . In addition , a draft law to assist migrants living in Guatemala who met certain basic criteria was under consideration .
?	keep.v	103	In addressing the level of the contingency fund for the related biennium , the Secretary-General recalled that in his report on the contingency fund ( A/42/225 ) , it had been observed that a contingency fund amounting to 0.75 per cent of the budget appeared reasonable for the forthcoming biennium . It was noted that that level of contingency had been neither approved nor rejected in principle by the Assembly , and , under the circumstances , it was proposed that the rate of 0.75 per cent should be adopted for the biennium 1990-1991 on the understanding that the Assembly should continue to keep under review the appropriateness and adequacy of that level . In its resolution 43/214 , the General Assembly set the level of the contingency for the biennium 1990-1991 at 0.75 per cent of the preliminary estimate for the biennium , i.e. , $ 15 million .
?	keep.v	42	While commending the Security Council for its good work , let me mention that , unfortunately , all too often it has been stuck in its traditional approach of peacekeeping . In most conflict situations , there will be no peace to keep , and yet the international community will be looking to the United Nations to deal with the situation , as eloquently articulated by the Permanent Representative of fellow East African Community partner State , Uganda . It is a commonly held view that the United Nations preconditions that a country at conflict must have a peace to keep in order for the United Nations to deploy is untenable .
?	keep.v	62	Regarding Atlanta 's new million dollar airport , the jury recommended `` that when the new management takes charge Jan. 1 the airport be operated in a manner that will eliminate political influences '' . The jury did not elaborate , but it added that `` there should be periodic surveillance of the pricing practices of the concessionaires for the purpose of keeping the prices reasonable '' . On other matters , the jury recommended that :
?	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its sixty-second session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Mission in the Central African Republic and Chad ” . 79th plenary meeting 22 December 2007
?	keep.v	41	Sheet 2 , footnote ( 5 ) : “ uptake ” to be replaced with “ removals ” . Sheet 2 : no separate columns under CO2 emissions/removals for showing the footnotes will be shown ( the footnotes will however be kept ) . Sheet 3 : The wording of the third sentence of the footnote ( 8 ) would be replaced with :
?	keep.v	49	System-wide support for the New Partnership for Africa 's Development ( NEPAD ) In 2001 , CEB reiterated that support for Africa 's development should remain a major focus for the United Nations system and requested the High-level Committee on Programmes to maintain the issue in its agenda and keep system-wide support for NEPAD under review . CEB had also decided to strengthen inter-agency coordination arrangements at the regional level , and asked the Executive Secretary of the Economic Commission for Africa ( ECA ) to continue to act as the United Nations system 's key interlocutor with African countries on NEPAD .
?	keep.v	58	In this connection , the Permanent Representative stated that Luxembourg was totally in line with the terminology used in all international conventions to which it was a party . Luxembourg indicated that it was aware of the ongoing discussion on this terminology issue and was prepared , when appropriate , to align on the universally recognized terminology in keeping with the principle of non discrimination . Luxembourg committed itself to include the gender dimensions into the UPR follow-up .
?	keep.v	14	Equal rights to choose a family name , a profession and an occupation Women keep their family name after marriage and they do not need to change their family name to their husband 's . Only a few women whose husbands are high-ranking government officials prefer having their husband 's family name next to hers .
?	keep.v	44	While variant B was preferable in budgetary terms and because it provided for monitoring of developments in electronic commerce , it also set precedents and raised difficult issues pertaining to implementation of the convention , monitoring and reporting . Variant A was more in keeping with traditional practice . Mr. Yamamoto ( Japan ) said that his delegation 's position was flexible with regard to draft article 22 and its proposed variants .
?	keep.v	73	Acknowledging ongoing programmes and comparative advantages of other United Nations actors , targeted efforts would be made to ensure the effective functioning of the courts , the police , and the prosecutorial authorities with a view to ending the climate of impunity . This would also involve assistance in the establishment of mobile courts , the expansion of access to justice and legal aid , the strengthening of traditional forms of justice in keeping with national laws and international human rights standards , and should include the empowerment of the legal profession and civil society . A particular focus on effectively addressing property and land disputes and compensation issues related to the Darfur Peace Agreement will be essential and , in the longer term , may include law reform in these areas .
?	keep.v	46	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of programmes of assistance to the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations resolutions and decisions relating to decolonization , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly ,
?	keep.v	27	All reports are displayed on the UNDDA 's website at www.un.org/Depts/dda under the link to `Article 7 Mine-ban ' . The availability of this information is in keeping with the Convention 's transparency aims and is important for organizations involved in mine action . If any State Party is unable to access Article 7 information on the database , it should contact UNDDA .
?	keep.v	26	Non-expendable property management In its report ( A/62/823 ) , the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions agreed with the Board that inadequate inventory record keeping carried with it an inherent risk of financial loss to the Organization . Accordingly , the Committee requested the Board to update the system in the context of its review of peacekeeping operations for 2007/08 .
?	keep.v	44	The proposed legislation will provide a rigorous regulatory framework which will ensure that Seychelles abides to approve international best practice in offshore regulation . Under the Act , the Authority will be able to conduct on site inspection of licensees to ensure that record keeping and business systems conform to the obligations of the Act and its regulatory codes . Should there be any need for the Authority to request due diligence information on the licensees ' clients ; the Act will empower it to do so .
?	keep.v	22	With regard to data on early school leaving or dropout , some information did exist but it was rather disorganized . Schools kept records of school leavers , and in 2006 the Ministry of Education had started collecting data on truancy . Those data appeared to indicate that the dropout rate was higher among males .
?	keep.v	22	The penalties which will apply to persons convicted of terrorist offences are set out in Section 7 . This provides , in keeping with Article 5 of the EU Framework Decision , for enhanced penalties in certain circumstances by reference to the penalties which may be imposed for the same offence when committed without the special intent required for terrorist offences . The penalty will be the same where it is a sentence of imprisonment fixed by law or imprisonment for life , but enhanced maximum penalties will be available in all other circumstances .
?	keep.v	47	Given the restrictions on reconvening the Main Committee sessions and the resistance to having some of the Main Committees hold their sessions in the spring instead of in the fall , among other issues , it proved impossible to reach a consensus . Nonetheless , resolution 58/316 kept the issue on the Assembly 's agenda and , as in the past , the Rio Group will continue actively to strive for results that allow for a more effective allocation of available time for the holding of the meetings of the Main Committees . Paragraph 5 in part B of the annex to resolution 58/126 states ,
?	keep.v	50	Lastly , it was noted that some legal systems allowed agreements to be reached between perpetrators and victims . One delegation considered that the future instrument should stipulate that no privileges , immunities or exemptions provided for in domestic law would be allowed , except insofar as they were in keeping with its aim and purpose and without prejudice to the privileges , immunities or exemptions recognized in international law , including the Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations . ( c ) Asylum and refuge
?	keep.v	58	Archives , Indexing and Distribution Division This Division , composed of one Professional and five General Service staff members , is responsible for indexing and classifying all correspondence and documents received or sent by the Court , and for the subsequent retrieval of any such item on request . The duties of this Division include in particular the keeping of an up-to-date index of correspondence , incoming and outgoing , as well as of all documents , both official and other , held on file . Automation of the management and status of archives files , the final phase of automation and computerization of the Division is now in progress .
?	keep.v	12	In countless spheres , we have promised action . Let us now keep those promises for the good of our global family . The poetic summation of the American poet Robert Frost is apt :
?	keep.v	38	Another role is to help form coalitions for change at the global level . And , of course , the United Nations must continue to play the primary role assigned to it by its founders : that of keeping the peace . What sort of Organization can play these roles ?
?	keep.v	41	The Assembly continued its consideration of the question at its fifty-sixth session ( resolution 56/260 ) . In view of the nature of the Ad Hoc Committee as a body established by the General Assembly in resolution 55/61 , and in keeping with past practice relating to the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime , it is expected that the Committee will submit its report on its concluding session , containing the final text of the draft United Nations Convention against Corruption for consideration and action by the General Assembly in plenary meeting . Document : The report of the Ad Hoc Committee for the Negotiation of a Convention against Corruption ( resolutions 56/260 and 57/169 ) .
?	keep.v	46	Just yesterday the Georgian Prime Minister aired a detailed plan of conflict resolution in another separatist region of Georgia — Tskhinvali region/former South Ossetia . We will be happy if the Ossetian side and , especially , their patrons in Russia finally realize and understand that keeping conflicts in a “ frozen ” state is destructive and start negotiations without preconditions . I would like to reiterate my Government 's invitation extended to the Security Council to visit Georgia .
?	keep.v	39	It is my honour to announce that our Committee has received messages of support and solidarity from many heads of State or Government , ministers for foreign affairs , Governments and international organizations . I recall that , in keeping with past practice , the texts of the messages will be published in a special bulletin of the Division for Palestinian Rights , but I would like to read out the list of those who sent them . We have received messages from the heads of State of Afghanistan , Algeria , Brazil , the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea , Egypt , Guinea , Indonesia , the Islamic Republic of Iran , Jordan , the Lao People 's Democratic Republic , Namibia , Pakistan , Qatar , Sri Lanka , the Sudan , Tunisia , Turkey , the United Arab Emirates , Viet Nam and Yemen .
?	keep.v	26	We must not be ashamed to have a voice . We are the present , we are the future , and those gathered here today must keep up with the promise of hearing our views and respecting them . It will be worth it ; I can promise that .
?	keep.v	43	Israel has an obligation as the occupying Power to ensure the safety of Palestinian civilians . We recognize Israel 's legitimate right to defend its people against terrorist attacks , but that right must be carried out using proportionate force and strictly in keeping with Israel 's international humanitarian law obligations . Unfortunately , implementation of the road map never effectively began .
?	keep.v	105	In addition to the 1 , 651 Police posts and 154 Department of Justice posts redeployed from Civil Administration , a total of 159 additional posts have been redeployed from the Office of the Special Representative ( 1 post ) , the Division of Administration ( 10 posts ) and Civil Administration ( 148 posts ) in order to strengthen the new Department of Justice and provide for the staffing of the Office of the Deputy Special Representative . UNMIK has identified the continued strengthening of the capabilities and functioning of the law enforcement and criminal justice systems as a central priority , and in keeping with this objective , a separate pillar ( Pillar I ) for Police and Justice was established on 21 May 2001 . Despite considerable progress in the re-establishment and functioning of Kosovo 's courts and prisons , the Kosovo Judiciary , like the KPS , requires sustained international oversight and management to develop to minimum standards of independence and impartiality .
?	keep.v	72	Therefore , her delegation had refrained from sponsoring the draft resolution , which in no way detracted from its support for the Scientific Committee and its crucial work or from the recognition that it urgently required additional resources . Her delegation would not oppose the adoption of the draft resolution , but wished to put on record its understanding that the criteria for membership , mentioned in paragraph 17 would be in keeping with the Scientific Committee 's mandate and aims , and based on the ability of Member States to contribute actively to its work . Furthermore , such membership criteria should take into account the need for equitable geographic representation and seek to secure the participation of scientists from developing countries .
?	keep.v	50	More specifically , during his meeting with the Minister of Justice , the independent expert raised a number of concerns regarding a recent governmental circular relating to the issue of rape , requesting rape victims to obtain a police report before seeking medical treatment . While highlighting that , in keeping with criminal procedure , all cases of rape or any offence that causes harm must be reported to the police before any treatment is sought , the Minister agreed that the procedure was inappropriate and promised to issue another circular nullifying the effect of the first so that doctors could treat victims without an “ incident report ” . The independent expert welcomes the issuance of the new circular .
?	keep.v	64	The Judicial and Legal Council was granted a special status , and its powers and membership were expanded under these laws . Furthermore , for the purpose of selecting candidates for judicial posts , a new body , the Judicial Selection Committee , was established , a special multi-stage procedure for selecting candidates was envisaged and specialized training courses were developed for them in keeping with international practice . The Ministry of Justice and the World Bank adopted a decision to launch a joint project to improve the justice sector , which included an agreement to extend a $ 21.6 million loan to Azerbaijan and non-repayable financial assistance from the Japanese Government totalling $ 3 million , with an additional $ 11 million to be allocated by the Azerbaijani Government for the purpose .
?	keep.v	12	UNPAAERD offered some hope for Africa . But the commitments were not kept , the programme failed and a new programme , the United Nations New Agenda for the Development of Africa in the 1990s ( UN-NADAF ) was adopted by the General Assembly . The report of the Panel says that a lack of commitment on the part of the main agents of development was one of the reasons for the non-implementation of the New Agenda .
?	keep.v	32	Using those means is vitally important owing to the preventive nature of these processes . If we recall the well-known observation that the prevention of conflicts is less burdensome that imposing and keeping the peace , we can clearly understand the appropriateness of adopting those methods as widely as possible . Mediation is a strongly developed mechanism in the area of preventive diplomacy .
?	keep.v	93	The Minister also stressed that greater OHCHR support and presence in the Caribbean region is absolutely critical to building civil society support for the institutionalization of human rights protections and in recognizing the link between human rights and development . With regard to the death penalty , the Head of Delegation indicated that the Government had no specific mandate from the people of Barbados to abolish the death penalty ; in fact , all opinion polls and surveys taken in the country show that the public sentiment has been strongly in favour of keeping it . Therefore the Government has to engage in a full national dialogue before arriving at a consensus on this issue .
?	keep.v	28	That debate ( see S/PV.5663 and S/PV.5663 ( Resumption 1 ) ) highlighted the extent to which those issues are interrelated . The Council should therefore continue to keep the issue under review . As regards the interplay between peacekeeping operations and humanitarian activities , Austria believes that it is worth highlighting the role of the United Nations Mission in the Central African Republic and Chad and the United Nations-mandated EU military operation in eastern Chad and the north-west Central African Republic .
?	keep.v	50	In such practices , payments are channelled to a special account held by the assignor , separately from its other assets , on behalf of the assignee . The Convention provides that , if the assignee has priority over other claimants with respect to the receivables and the proceeds are kept by the assignor on behalf of the assignee and are reasonably identifiable from the other assets of the assignor , the assignee has the same priority with respect to proceeds ( art. 24 , para . The Convention does not address , however , a priority conflict between an assignee claiming an interest in proceeds held in a deposit or securities account and the depositary bank or the securities broker or other intermediary with a security or set-off right in the account ( art. 24 , para .
?	keep.v	85	It should define the urgent and exceptional situations in which it can be compelled to do so , and ensure that in such cases the points of view of all Member States are heard and taken into consideration in the decision-making process . Thirdly , when sanctions regimes adopted by the Security Council include lists of individuals or entities , the sanctions committees should establish precise procedures to allow for reviews to be conducted regarding those individuals or entities which claim to be placed or kept wrongly on such lists . As the High-level Panel on Threats , Challenges and Change has emphasized , it is necessary to ensure compliance with human rights norms and conventions .
?	keep.v	81	Article 46 of the Workers ' Statute entitles workers to a period of unpaid leave for not more than three years to care for each child , as from the date of a natural child 's birth or , in the event of adoption or foster care ( pre-adoptive or permanent ) , as from the date of the relevant judicial or administrative decision . During the first year of unpaid leave , the worker is entitled to have the position kept open . ( e ) Reduced working hours and unpaid leave for family reasons
?	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-fifth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Interim Administration Mission in Kosovo ” . 89th plenary meeting
?	keep.v	30	Invites Member States to provide information to the Working Group at its twenty-seventh session , in 2002 , about measures taken to suppress or prevent debt bondage ; Decides to keep the question of debt bondage under consideration and to assess the progress achieved at future sessions , with a view to the total elimination of this abhorrent practice ; Expresses its gratitude to Governments , organizations and individuals , including young students , who have contributed to the Fund and encourages them to continue doing so ;
?	keep.v	26	Prisoners in obvious need of medical attention , e.g. having fits , should be transferred for medical treatment without delay . ( b ) Medical record keeping In Malé Custodial there were no individual medical records whereas in Dhoonidhoo personal medical files were opened only for those detainees who requested medical assistance either upon arrival or at a later stage .
?	keep.v	73	Accordingly , the form requirement prescribed by paragraph ( 1 ) of the article will be applicable to notices of the rejection of all tenders , proposals , offers or quotations to be given under article 12 ( 3 ) to all suppliers or contractors that submitted tenders , proposals , offers or quotations . All other references taken from the existing article 9 ( 2 ) of the Model Law have been kept . At the same session , the Working Group noted the interdependence of paragraphs ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) of the draft article and the suggestion that paragraph ( 2 ) should be expanded to cover any communication of information in a procurement that was generated other than pursuant to a requirement of the Model Law .
?	keep.v	78	In particular , the Knowledge Transfer Program carried out by PKF , aims at training four senior officers of the Timorese Army ( Falintil-Forcas da Defesa de Timor-Leste ) on , inter alia , information processing and analyzing . Due to the challenges posed by the process of transition , all efforts that the Government of Timor-Leste is currently undertaking on counter terrorism and their success in the medium and long term depend greatly on UNMISET ' Peace Keeping Force and UNPOL ' technical assistance and training programs . As stated before , Timor-Leste is willing , but unable to sustain counter terrorism practices on the border without constant presence and assistance of the international community .
?	keep.v	63	It notes , for example , that the average seniority of the 17 staff involved in procurement at the United Nations Office at Geneva exceeded six years ( see A/61/5 ( Vol. I ) , chap. II , para . The Advisory Committee concurs with the Board that periodic rotation of staff responsible for procurement services represents good internal control and is in keeping with best practices . Furthermore , in the view of the Committee , Administrations should consider the possibility of mobility in procurement functions not only within the United Nations but also between the United Nations and its funds and programmes .
?	keep.v	70	Urges States to comply with their obligations under international human rights , labour , refugee and humanitarian law , including very helpful interpretations thereof , relating to non-citizens , including refugees , asylum-seekers , stateless persons and trafficked persons ; Urges the international community to provide non-citizens with protection and assistance in an equitable manner and with due regard to their needs in different parts of the world , in keeping with the principles of international solidarity , burden-sharing and international cooperation ; Calls upon States to take actions to counter any tendency to target , stigmatize , stereotype , or profile members of particular population groups , such as non-citizens , by officials , the media and society at large ;
?	keep.v	43	It should be viewed in terms of the dozens of human lives that will be saved each year and its contribution to the strengthening of international security and the process of disarmament in the world . In my view it is directly in keeping with the spirit and the letter of paragraphs 45 and especially 46 of the plan of action contained in the Final Document of the first special session of the General Assembly devoted to disarmament , which stressed that “ nothing should preclude States from conducting negotiations on all priority items concurrently ” . Thus the Conference on Disarmament offers the appropriate framework to discuss the matter , especially as our forum has the great advantage of bringing together States that are parties to the Ottawa Convention and those that are not - hence the prospect of having an open and fair debate among all interested delegations which would hopefully be fruitful and productive in strengthening this international instrument and promote its universality .
?	keep.v	40	Solomon Islands welcomes the recent decision by the eighteenth Meeting of States Parties to the Convention recognizing the technical and resources constraints on many developing countries in meeting the required time frame of May 2009 . We are determined to keep working on this very important issue , which will redefine our territorial waters . I turn to sustainable development issues .
?	keep.v	52	As for the name taken by the married woman , paragraphs 1 and 2 of article 5 of Law no. 6.515/77 establish that , if she loses the action for separation or files for separation she shall retake her maiden name . In all the other cases , she may choose to keep her husband 's family name . However , the Divorce Law establishes that the woman must retake her maiden name , except is the cases provided for in article 25 of said law ( clear hindrances regarding her identification , expresses distinction between her family name and that of the children born out of the relationship that is being dissolved , and serious damage as established by a court of law ) .
?	keep.v	23	We again call on the Government of Israel to halt construction of the Wall . Its construction is a unilateral act not in keeping with the road map , because it makes more difficult the creation of a viable , contiguous Palestinian State . We understand that Israel has security concerns , but it is important that those concerns be addressed in a manner that does not create unfortunate facts on the ground .
?	keep.v	64	The lofty responsibility that world public opinion and international community place upon the members of the Security Council is to maintain and restore international peace and security through the adoption of multilateral actions that are timely and effective in the solution of conflicts . Therefore , the legitimacy and credibility of this collective-security system fundamentally lie in the decisions of the Council being in keeping with the Charter and international law . Mexico has firmly condemned , as have a large majority of nations , the continued non-compliance by the Government of Iraq with the international obligations imposed upon it by the Security Council .
?	keep.v	25	I was accompanied by His Excellency Mr. Ahmed Sofwan , the Indonesian ambassador to Timor-Leste . I thank the Indonesian authorities for assisting us in keeping our common border area safe and stable . “ I came back inspired by the professionalism of the PNTL Border Patrol Unit and of the military forces operating on the Indonesian side .
?	keep.v	32	After discussion , however , the Working Group decided that subparagraph ( a ) should be deleted . Subparagraph 6.1.2 ( b ) ( now article 22 ( 1 ) ) was kept in square brackets pursuant to the decision of the Working Group in paragraph 37 of A/CN.9/525 . In paragraph 43 of A/CN.9/525 , it is noted that the suggestion was made that if the case of fire on the ship were to be maintained , it should be moved from subparagraph 6.1.2 to subparagraph 6.1.3 ( now both contained in article 22 ) .
?	keep.v	20	Thus , paper receipts actually had to be physically transported to New York City for delivery among traders . NYCE kept records of when receipts were issued , whether they were tenderable and when they were canceled . Under the new system , instead of physically moving paper receipts to NYCE , cotton traders use an electronic receipt provider , to deliver so-called “ certified receipts ” to the Commodity Clearing Corporation , which is the clearing arm of NYCE .
?	keep.v	61	At the same time , it was indicated that the absence of such interventions did not convey or imply support , and the right to take a position on those issues was reserved , pending assessment of overall accomplishments at the conclusion of the forty-sixth session of the Committee . Furthermore , it was stated that the delegation would continue to keep an open mind when the report of the Committee for Programme and Coordination was submitted to the Fifth Committee later in the year . It was noted that consideration of document A/60/537 would be in line with the relevant decisions already taken by the General Assembly , as noted in document A/61/131 .
?	keep.v	41	Our country has for three years been defending itself against incursions by terrorist bands that have resulted in the deaths of entirely innocent people . If it had not been for our firm determination to take a stand against terrorism and keep a firm lock on our borders , then serious destabilization of the entire region would have been inevitable . We do not wish to exaggerate our role , but it is we who have prevented the terrorists from crossing our borders into other countries .
?	keep.v	53	( iv ) The Tunisian Solidarity Bank , which , together with the National Solidarity Fund , allocates microcredits to women and young persons who promote microprojects but do not have their own funds or the possibility of obtaining conventional bank loans . Tunisia submitted that a society based on solidarity is in keeping with a collective , evolving approach that promotes effective participation and a sense of citizenship . Tunisia is of the view that economic globalization must also be accompanied by a globalization of solidarity in order to establish a global dynamic partnership and co-development that would make it possible to bridge the gap between rich and poor countries by involving citizens from all regions of the world in a comprehensive project for shared progress .
?	keep.v	77	The Office of Human Resources Management commented that as part of its ongoing effort to improve the functions in Galaxy , the experience gained in the use of numeric scoring methods would be taken into account in considering other methods , which might be less time-consuming , that had emerged as a result of changes in technology since the publication of the report of the Secretary-General on human resources management reform three years ago . OIOS will keep this matter under review in the context of General Assembly resolution 57/305 . Geographical distribution and gender balance
?	keep.v	49	( b ) Option 2. The Council could authorize a multinational military force , not under United Nations command and consisting of contingents made available by interested Member States , including the Russian Federation , to carry out the functions described in option 1 above . UNOMIG would be kept in being and entrusted with the tasks of monitoring the operations of the multinational force , liaising with the local authorities in Abkhazia and observing developments on the ground Unfortunately , the second option was chosen , which appeared to be a historical mistake .
?	keep.v	74	In addition , given the current sound fiscal basis , it appears to be a good time for regional Governments to reform the tax structure , in order to ensure that they receive a sufficient inflow of revenues and that those receipts are not dependent upon the price trends of non-renewable commodities . If current forecasts regarding financial returns are borne out , the favourable conditions that emerging markets will continue to enjoy will keep exerting pressure on supply in foreign exchange markets . In such circumstances , the region 's central banks will have to work to strike a balance between the need to avoid any loss of competitiveness and the maintenance of a firm stance in preserving domestic macroeconomic stability .
?	keep.v	45	Sam Rayburn took unnumbered secrets with him to the grave , for he was never loquacious , and his word , once given , was not subject to retraction . It might be added that as he kept his word so he expected that others keep theirs . The demonstration of his power was never flamboyant or theatrical .
?	keep.v	26	Finally , you have introduced an innovation by including thematic debates during the consideration of conflict situations . This is all very good and totally in keeping with the evolution of the means available to the Security Council to carry out its Charter-mandated responsibilities . I can not conclude without reiterating heartfelt congratulations to Ambassador Ward of Jamaica , who so ably conducted the work of the Working Group on Peacekeeping Operations and whose excellent work made possible the adoption of resolution 1353 ( 2001 ) .
?	keep.v	36	( b ) A comparison of the treatment afforded to creditors by the plan and what they would otherwise receive in liquidation ; ( c ) The basis upon which the business would be able to keep trading and could be successfully reorganized ; and ( d ) Information showing that , having regard to the effect of the plan , the assets of the debtor will exceed its liabilities and the debtor will have the cash flow to pay its [ matured debts ] [ its debts as provided in the plan ] .
?	keep.v	32	The shelf life of ready ( charged ) artillery munitions is considered to be equal to the minimum shelf life of their components . Thus , the shelf life of fused munitions kept in storage facilities is 30 years . Range testing of munitions is carried out in order to :
?	keep.v	73	He looked at her out of himself , she thought , as he did only for an instant at a time , the look which always surprised her even now when his uncombable hair was yellowing a little and his breath came hard through his nicotine choked lungs , the look of the gaunt youth she had suddenly found herself staring at in the Tate Gallery on a Thursday once . Now she kept herself protectively ready to laugh again and sure enough he pointed at her with his index finger and said `` Toot '' ! once more and roared off into the fog , his foot evidently surprising him with the suddenness with which it pressed the accelerator , just as his hand did when he worked . She walked back to the house and entered , feeling herself returning , sensing some kind of opportunity in the empty building .
?	keep.v	55	I should also like to warmly thank Mr. Alvaro de Soto , Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process and Personal Representative of the Secretary-General to the Palestinian Liberation Organization and the Palestinian Authority . This important debate on the situation in the Middle East , including the Palestinian question , enables us to keep constantly under careful review the issue of stability in the Middle East , which is a crucial item on the international peace and security agenda . My delegation wishes to draw attention to recent developments in the situation in occupied Palestinian territory , which are cause for renewed concern regarding the chances for a resumption of the Israeli-Palestinian peace talks .
?	keep.v	60	Indigenous peoples were not consulted in the creation of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change or the negotiations on the Kyoto Protocol . In spite of this , the indigenous peoples of the Arctic carried out their own consultations with their hunters and with Western scientists , and concluded that even if United Nations Member States were to keep their promises and adhere to what they had signed , the mitigation efforts would not go far enough . They were already feeling the effects of climate change and called for stricter targets and for policies that would deal with adaptation .
?	keep.v	16	• Date to be determined : second summit of heads of State The schedule is being kept tight in order to meet the target of holding the first summit in June 2004 . It is important for the actors of the region to see this first summit as a major benchmark that could be attained in the not-too-distant future .
?	keep.v	22	Security can not be achieved through campaigns of violence based on hatred of Muslims and Arabs . What we need , in keeping with our customs , religion and culture , is relationships based on peace . We must extend our hand in peace and commend each other , so that others will respond in kind .
?	keep.v	46	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of programmes of assistance for the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations decisions relating to decolonization , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly ,
?	keep.v	25	The TIS solutions would address automation of bank reconciliations , cash forecasting , foreign exchange revaluation and cash and investment accounting . The Board will keep under review the implementation of automated process and control including risk-management functionalities as part of the enterprise resource planning system . ( d ) Automated credit limits
?	keep.v	76	The broad authority given to the autonomous institutions offered a high degree of regional self-management , greater than in many federal systems in other countries ; the autonomous Saharan region would control its own finances and budget and possibly even some aspects of its foreign relations . The Moroccan proposal left much latitude to the parties to the negotiations and remained open to revision in accordance with Moroccan legal procedures , and to future development in keeping with the region 's needs . The Saharans should not fear losing any control for they stood only to gain by participation in both regional and national institutions of power .
?	keep.v	73	I am pleased to inform you that this undertaking has now been duly completed through consultations with the geographical groups and the report thereon is transmitted herewith ( see attachment III ) . Both the Chairperson of the Second Committee and the Chairperson of the Group of 77 have been duly informed and provided with copies of the text of the report , in order that they may take the necessary action to keep the agenda item entitled “ Operational activities for development ” , including South-South cooperation , open , pending the tabling of a resolution on modalities by the intergovernmental body . The text of my letter dated 21 October 2008 to the Chairperson of the Second Committee in this regard , which was also duly transmitted to the Chairperson of the Group 77 , is appended for your information ( see attachment II ) .
?	keep.v	55	The Act defines “ family responsibilities ” as the employee 's responsibilities towards his or her children or spouse or close relatives who live in the employee 's home and clearly need his or her care or custody , for example as a result of illness or disability . The Committee asked the Government to keep it informed of any relevant decisions of courts of law , administrative or other tribunals or the Complaints Committee on Equal Status involving questions of termination of employment related to family responsibilities . Lithuania
?	keep.v	54	We fully support the recommendations contained in the report of the Special Representative to the Secretary-General for Children and Armed Conflict ( E/CN.4/2004/70 ) , and call for the effective implementation of Security Council resolution 1539 ( 2004 ) . Along the same lines , Mali is working within the Human Security Network to keep this question among the priorities of our Organization . In order to effectively prevent and manage these situations of crisis and conflict — that is , to preserve and guarantee international peace and security — the international community must work for an international order that is based on the rule of law , and for a United Nations whose legitimacy is strengthened .
?	keep.v	21	Other matters ( Agenda item 4 ) Background : The AWG-LCA , at its fourth session , requested its Chair to keep the need for additional meeting time in 2009 under review in consultation with Parties , the Bureau of the COP and the Executive Secretary , and to propose any action that might need to be taken by the AWG-LCA . The Chair of the AWG-LCA will present the outcome of his review and propose any action that might be needed in accordance with the conclusions of the fourth session of the AWG-LCA .
?	keep.v	32	That situation raised serious questions about the financial assumptions used as the basis for the projected costs of the accelerated strategy . It also cast doubts on the Organization 's ability to keep the project within the approved budget and to distribute the assessments over the entire duration of the project . The proposed accelerated strategy IV would reduce the current cost overrun by only $ 30 million , leaving further savings of $ 190 million to be identified through value engineering .
?	keep.v	58	The People 's Republic of China , the Republic of Kazakhstan , the Kyrgyz Republic , the Russian Federation and the Republic of Tajikistan , hereinafter referred to as the Parties , Convinced that the further development of cooperation and close interaction within the framework of the Shanghai Five on the basis of friendship and good-neighbourliness is in keeping with the basic interests of the peoples of the five countries and with current trends towards the establishment of a multipolar world and the creation of a new , just and rational international political and economic order ; Guided by the common desire of the five countries to maintain the relations of friendship that have been passed down from generation to generation , and to address all issues through consultation in a spirit of mutual understanding , equality and mutual advantage ;
?	keep.v	40	The delegation therefore endorsed the use in compliance procedures of the approach and incentives to comply , with the use of sanctions as a last resort . It considered that the draft articles followed a correct approach and were in keeping with contemporary international law ( A/C.6/54/SR.28 , para . Greece ( A/C.6/53/SR.22 , para. 43 ) ; United Republic of Tanzania ( A/C.6/53/SR.13 , para. 61 ( commending article 12 , especially 12 ( a ) ) .
?	keep.v	58	The Special Rapporteur recalled that it was merely a freedom , given that the Commission had not made it conditional on the incompatibility of a reservation with the object and purpose of the treaty , and that the Vienna Conference had followed the Commission in that regard despite the doubts of some delegations . That approach was in keeping with the spirit of consensus pervading all of treaty law , in the sense that a State could not unilaterally impose on other contracting parties the modification of a treaty binding them by means of a reservation . Limiting the freedom to make objections exclusively to reservations that were incompatible with the object and purpose of the treaty would render the procedure for acceptance of and objections to reservations under article 20 of the Vienna Convention null and void .
?	keep.v	28	The Working Group was recalled of its mandate only to modify the 1976 version of the Rules if necessary . After discussion , the Working Group agreed to keep the second sentence of paragraph ( 4 ) as contained in the 1976 version of the Rules and request the Secretariat to include a sentence to the effect that a party appearing as a witness should not generally be requested to retire during the testimony of other witnesses , which would also address the concerns expressed in the discussion ( see paragraph 82 above ) . Paragraph ( 5 ) of the new proposal
?	keep.v	24	She added that UNFPA had significantly expanded its work with men in conflict/post-conflict situations , particularly the uniformed services . She concurred that in keeping with the ICPD Programme of Action client participation should be informed and voluntary and stated that the Fund 's objectives and monitoring were geared to that . Regarding the query on the private sector , she noted that UNFPA was moving forward in partnering with the private sector and guidelines had been issued to country offices .
?	keep.v	8	Reasons for seeking observer status for AITIC In keeping with United Nations Millennium Development Goal 8 and the aspirations of the WTO Doha Work Programme , AITIC assists the less-advantaged countries to have more effective trade policies and thus achieve poverty reduction through accelerated economic development . AITIC believes that the Aid for Trade and Enhanced Integrated Framework initiatives can be powerful tools for reaching these goals .
?	keep.v	30	Today , there are good grounds for our great concern over France 's official statements regarding the departmentalization of the Comorian island of Mayotte . Those statements are not in keeping with the principles of justice , fairness and respect for international law , for which the great country of France is known . For that reason , my country as of now considers any ballot organized on the question of making the Comorian island Mayotte a department to be null and void .
?	keep.v	57	Severe fuel shortages resulting from the siege had paralysed public services , including sanitation and sewage treatment ; that had had a direct bearing on public health . It should be noted that the Agency 's Advisory Commission had reiterated the urgent need to remove restrictions relating to the movement of UNRWA staff and goods , in keeping with international law , the November 2005 Agreement on Movement and Access concluded between the Government of Israel and the Palestinian Authority and the 1967 Comay-Michelmore agreement between UNRWA and the Government of Israel . His delegation noted that the Agency 's report had included some positive indications , including the assistance provided by his own country , which would continue to treat the Palestine refugees on an equal footing with its own citizens .
?	keep.v	30	Continuing campaigns of the union movement to ensure effective organizing of women workers , including organizing support to women workers in the informal sector and EPZs . This is in keeping with the Resolution “ Unions For Women , Women for Unions “ adopted by the ICFTU 's 18th World Congress ( December , 2004 ) . Adoption of a proactive approach by the ILO to ensure that laws prohibiting union organizing in certain sectors such as EPZs are eliminated .
?	keep.v	48	Such an instrument will also facilitate the effective implementation of arms embargoes , as mandated under Chapter VII of the Charter of the United Nations . Cooperation among Member States on the issue of tracing illicit small arms and light weapons and the minimum standards for marking and keeping records of these weapons will make it increasingly difficult to undertake activities aimed at circumventing such embargoes . South Africa concurs with the observation by the Secretary-General that the issues of end-user certificates and illicit brokering activities have emerged as areas where interaction between the Security Council and the General Assembly can be enhanced .
?	keep.v	62	Establishes , as from 1 January 2001 , a reduced ceiling of 22 per cent for the assessed contribution of any individual Member State ; Decides to review the position at the end of 2003 and , depending on the status of contributions and arrears , to determine all appropriate measures to remedy the situation , including adjustments of the ceiling in keeping with resolution 52/215 ; Stresses that the reduction of the maximum assessment rate referred to in section B , paragraph 1 above , shall apply to the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations and should have no automatic implication for the apportionment of the expenses of the specialized agencies or the International Atomic Energy Agency .
?	keep.v	30	We would like to express our preference that , in its composition and powers , the tribunal have the greatest possible Lebanese component . We believe that necessity is in keeping with the provisions of resolution 1559 ( 2004 ) , which calls for the re-establishment of the territorial integrity , full sovereignty and total political independence of Lebanon . The restoration of the rule of law and the strengthening of a Lebanese judicial system capable of administrating justice represent , without question , a pillar of resolution 1559 ( 2004 ) .
?	keep.v	55	Enhancing UNCTAD 's role in , and impact on , the development of developing and least developed countries was a key concern . The organization 's independence under its unique mandate for the integrated treatment of trade , development and interrelated issues should be preserved and its core areas of work should be strengthened in keeping with the three principal criteria outlined in the report of the Eminent Persons ' Panel , namely comparative advantage , differentiation and complementarities , and strategic and catalytic interventions . Moreover , the organization 's relationship with civil society and the private sector , especially those from the South , would be important in improving UNCTAD 's relevance and productivity on the ground .
?	keep.v	41	Effective coordination between military forces and civilian actors is required to meet those conditions . Peacekeeping operations represent the most effective and widely used instrument for conflict management , but a peacekeeping operation is usually established when there is peace to keep . In the pre-conflict stage , there is always scope for civilian involvement through preventive diplomatic action .
?	keep.v	93	Noting regional efforts to prevent , combat and eliminate terrorism in all its forms and manifestations , wherever and by whomsoever committed , including through the elaboration of and adherence to regional conventions , Recalling its decision in resolutions 54/110 of 9 December 1999 , 55/158 of 12 December 2000 , 56/88 of 12 December 2001 , 57/27 of 19 November 2002 , 58/81 of 9 December 2003 and 59/46 of 2 December 2004 that the Ad Hoc Committee established by General Assembly resolution 51/210 of 17 December 1996 should address , and keep on its agenda , the question of convening a high-level conference under the auspices of the United Nations to formulate a joint organized response of the international community to terrorism in all its forms and manifestations , Aware of its resolutions 57/219 of 18 December 2002 , 58/187 of 22 December 2003 and 59/191 of 20 December 2004 ,
?	keep.v	72	Anyone belonging to a religious community which has not registered its statutes has an equal right to perform civilian service instead of compulsory military service if the latter is contrary to his religious convictions . The claim that the Ukrainian Alternative ( Civilian ) Service Act applies only to members of officially registered religious communities , and the claims made concerning the practical application of the Act , are therefore not in keeping with reality . Nor has it been found that the State religious affairs bodies have failed to comply with the time limits for the consideration of issues relating to the registration of the statutes ( articles of incorporation ) of religious communities .
?	keep.v	45	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of assistance programmes to the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations decisions relating to decolonization , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly ,
?	keep.v	57	As far as is known , there is no agreement on maritime boundaries delimitation with Spain . An agreement with Spain on the definition of the maritime boundaries is important , but it should not prejudice Portugal as far as current legislation is concerned , i.e. it should take into account the Portuguese legislation in force and keep the median line criterion . The 1958 Convention on the Continental Shelf , which uses the median line for the delimitation of the maritime boundary in areas in dispute , was ratified by Portugal and Spain .
?	keep.v	66	“ The Council recognizes and commends the important role played by the Representative of the Secretary-General for Guinea-Bissau and the staff of the United Nations Peacebuilding Support Office in Guinea-Bissau , as well as by the United Nations country team , towards helping to consolidate peace , democracy and the rule of law , and expresses its appreciation for their activities . “ The Council will keep the situation in Guinea-Bissau under active review. ” On 3 December 2007 , the President of the Security Council addressed the following letter to the Secretary-General :
?	keep.v	38	As far as health , education and economic opportunities are concerned , male and female are on an equal footing . In fact , about 50 per cent of school-going children are now female , which is in keeping with the male/female population ratio . To further meet basic educational needs , the Government has established adult and non-formal education centres throughout the country .
?	keep.v	23	Most seams are sewn with backstitch , especially on curved , slanted or loose edges . Pin right sides of pieces together , keeping edges even and matching rows or patterns . Thread matching yarn in tapestry needle .
?	keep.v	61	The importer then takes delivery of the firearm/s upon production of the original Import Licence and a Firearm Licence is issued by the Commissioner of Police . It should be noted that whenever such goods are in transit , the master or agent of the vessel should submit to Customs , at the time of reporting , all particulars of firearms kept on board or intended for discharge at another port . - Has Mauritius implemented , using risk assessment principles , any special security measures on the import of firearms , such as conducting security checks on the temporary storage , warehousing and means of transport of firearms ?
?	keep.v	79	In addition to requirements of official approval described in paras 23-27 , the Radiation Protection Ordinance requires anyone authorized to handle or use radioactive substances - i.e. nuclear material and other radioactive material - for peaceful purposes to notify the responsible supervisory authority of any extraction , production , acquisition , transfer or other whereabouts of the respective radioactive substances within one month of the beginning by specifying the activity and type of the material . They must also keep detailed records of these actions and submit the inventory of radioactive substances to the responsible authority once a year . The authority conducts inspections to verify the accuracy of the records and declarations .
?	keep.v	7	The prospects look great . We are keeping a number of surprises under our hats . But we can n't tell it all now and then have no new excitement later '' .
?	keep.v	43	Belarus had an open economy and its accession to membership in WTO was part of a sustainable-development strategy and a priority of its economic foreign policy . In the negotiating process Belarus was in favour of establishing obligations for the joining countries in keeping with their economic situation which offered them an opportunity to derive real benefit from their participation in the multilateral trading system in the future . The organizations of the United Nations system , in particular UNCTAD , had both the necessary competence and significant experience in assisting the developing countries and the countries with economies in transition to join the multilateral trading system on acceptable terms which took into account their special characteristics and development needs .
?	keep.v	26	It was thought that failure to include one in this case could mistakenly induce the conclusion that no amendment was possible . Support was expressed for keeping the draft provision . Conclusions reached by the Working Group regarding draft article 98 :
?	keep.v	46	Financial assistance should be provided for similar organizations so that they could fully assume their role . His delegation commended the report of the Special Committee on Peacekeeping Operations ( A/56/863 ) and that of the Secretary-General ( A/56/732 ) concerning strengthening Africa 's ability to keep peace . It welcomed the suggestion in paragraph 39 of document A/56/863 for the establishment of a second logistics base for strategic stocks in Africa .
?	keep.v	34	The `` Barre Aviation Field '' was set to receive its first aircraft the Sunday following the flood . Though the makeshift airports were ready , the York State Guard flyers proved unable to keep any kind of mail schedule . They had courage but their meager training consisted of weekend hops in good weather , in and out of established airports , And the increasingly cold weather soon raised hob with the water cooled engines of their World War 1 , planes .
?	keep.v	70	Furthermore , the Assembly would decide that the Ad Hoc Committee established pursuant to resolution 51/210 of 17 December 1996 would continue to elaborate a comprehensive convention on international terrorism as a matter of urgency , and would continue its efforts to resolve the outstanding issues relating to the elaboration of a draft international convention for the suppression of acts of nuclear terrorism . The Ad Hoc Committee would also keep on its agenda the question of convening a high-level conference under the auspices of the United Nations to formulate a joint organized response of the international community to terrorism in all its forms and manifestations . The Assembly would further decide that the Ad Hoc Committee would meet from 31 March to 2 April 2003 and that work would also continue , if necessary , during the fifty-eighth session of the Assembly within the framework of a working group of the Sixth Committee .
?	keep.v	24	In contrast , those who moved to other rural areas did so mainly for marriage or family reasons ( 66 % ) . In keeping with the Equal Opportunities Plan , CONAMU runs short and medium-term programmes targeting low-income women. These give priority to female heads of household and support for productive job creation , as measures to overcome poverty . The Ministry of Labour and Human Resources , in conjunction with CONAMU , signed an interagency cooperation agreement to promote and safeguard female workers ' rights and equality of opportunities , and to prevent labour-market discrimination on the grounds of gender .
?	keep.v	54	With regard to the experience gained since 1994 , the point of departure for discussions on what should happen from 2003 onward is that an active monitoring mechanism for the implementation of the Standard Rules should remain in place for the future . The two main functions — assessment and promotion — should be kept . One question is if these two functions should be applied separately .
?	keep.v	44	He said the recent elections and referendum in Belarus could not be viewed in a broader context . There was no justification for other States submitting draft resolutions on the implementation of human rights in individual countries , and such action was not in keeping with the ideals of the United Nations . Mr. Kitaoka ( Japan ) , in response to the statement made by the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea , said his delegation 's position concerning past issues was as indicated in the Japan-Democratic People 's Republic of Korea Pyongyang Declaration of September 2002 .
?	keep.v	39	France has also made significant reductions in recent years . To summarize , the United States , the United Kingdom , France and the Russian Federation , as well as NATO , have been reducing their nuclear arsenals in keeping with their NPT commitments . At the same time , merely measuring disarmament in terms of overall numbers of weapons has its limitations .
?	keep.v	43	( f ) Support innovative programmes to empower older persons , particularly women , to increase their contributions to and benefit from development efforts to eradicate poverty ; ( g ) Enhance international cooperation to support national efforts to eradicate poverty , in keeping with internationally agreed goals , in order to achieve sustainable social and economic support for older persons ; ( h ) Strengthen the capacity of developing countries to address the obstacles that hinder their participation in an increasingly globalized economy in order to assist them in their efforts to eradicate poverty , in particular among older persons .
?	keep.v	32	He defined redress as compensation , restitution and reparation . Another governmental delegation stressed the relevance of the article as originally drafted for its domestic process and therefore supported the proposal to keep the text in its original form , including the word “ restitution ” . Some indigenous representatives stressed the importance of the elements of the last sentence and supported the text of the article as adopted by the Sub-Commission .
?	keep.v	57	During the completion of the report , the various government services involved were contacted , as were also the main non-governmental organizations working on women 's issues in Cape Verde , and statistics compiled by non-governmental organizations in fields ranging from health all the way to microcredit lending were consulted . The completed document , fully in keeping with the Committee 's guidelines , was immediately submitted to the Committee . The report was not presented to the National Assembly because this is not a legal prerequisite .
?	keep.v	22	The meeting was co-chaired by the Acting Emergency Relief Coordinator and the Humanitarian Coordinator for Iraq . It reached an agreement to keep Iraq on the humanitarian agenda of the United Nations system while determining the scope and scale of the United Nations response to the situation . Consultations with donors and the Government of Iraq continued in February 2007 and will be followed by efforts to define the role of the United Nations system on the basis of gaps in assistance .
?	keep.v	23	In this context , the Mine Action Service is currently in the process of establishing mine-action start-up kits . These kits will be kept at the United Nations Humanitarian Response Depot in Brindisi , Italy , which is co-located with the United Nations Logistics Base which supports peacekeeping missions . They will be available by December 2001 .
?	keep.v	51	The Chairman also informed the Working Group that in his contacts with several delegations on the question of convening a high-level conference , they had informed him that consultations on this question were continuing at a political level in their capitals . They had reiterated the wish that the item be kept on the agenda in accordance with General Assembly resolution 58/81 . The Working Group considered and adopted its report at its 2nd meeting , on 8 October .
?	keep.v	42	The Special Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly that the Committee continue to be represented at seminars , meetings and conferences organized by United Nations bodies and other intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations active in the field of decolonization . In keeping with its decision of 28 February 2008 , the Committee would authorize its Chairman to hold consultations , as appropriate , concerning its participation in those meetings , as well as the level of representation , when accepting invitations . In accordance with established practice and on the basis of the principle of rotation , the Chairman would hold consultations with the Bureau members , who , in turn , would consult with the members of the Committee from their respective regional groups .
?	keep.v	131	At its fifty-fifth session , the General Assembly decided to base the scale of assessments for the period 2001-2003 on specified elements and criteria , and to fix those elements until 2006 , subject to the provisions of resolution 55/5 C , in particular paragraph 2 , and without prejudice to rule 160 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly ( resolution 55/5 B ) . At the same session , the Assembly established a reduced ceiling of 22 per cent for the assessed contribution of any individual Member State ; and decided to review the position at the end of 2003 and , depending on the status of contributions and arrears , to determine all appropriate measures to remedy the situation , including adjustments of the ceiling in keeping with its resolutions 52/215 A to D ( resolution 55/5 C ) . At its fifty-seventh session , the General Assembly endorsed the conclusions and recommendations of the Committee on Contributions concerning multi-year payment plans , as contained in paragraphs 17 to 23 of its report ( A/57/11 ) .
?	keep.v	63	The protection afforded is as follows : Penal measures : Depending on the circumstances , the judge may grant pre-trial detention of the presumed aggressor , removal and barring of the aggressor from the family home , prohibition from residing in or going to certain places , prohibition of coming near or communicating with the victim , and suspension of the right to keep or bear arms . Civil measures : These must be requested by the victim or the victim 's legal counsel or , where minors or incapable persons are involved , by the public prosecutor , provided they have not already been granted by a body with civil jurisdiction .
?	keep.v	63	Article 69 : Measures taken to ensure that migrant workers in an irregular situation do not persist in this condition within the territory of a State party and circumstances to take into account in case of regularization procedures . Article 70 : Measures taken to ensure that living conditions of migrant workers and members of their families in a regular situation are in keeping with the standards of fitness , safety , health and principles of human dignity . Article 71 : Repatriation of the bodies of deceased migrant workers or members of their families and compensation matters relating to the death .
?	keep.v	46	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of programmes of assistance for the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations decisions relating to decolonization , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly ,
?	keep.v	29	The meetings of the Bureau are open to all the members of the Special Committee . The Special Committee has increasingly relied upon informal consultations , thus striving to keep the number of its formal meetings to a minimum . The Chair recommends to the Special Committee that it continue to use informal meetings to the maximum extent possible .
?	keep.v	96	It delivers these services to customers in 92 markets around the world , with over 17 , 000 professional staff employed in 23 countries ; it holds $ 720 billion in customers ' assets under its management and over $ 6.2 trillion in its custody ; and touches roughly 13 per cent of the total world market for stocks , bonds and securities of all kinds every day , a market that is estimated at well over $ 50 trillion in assets . He covered the role of custodians in settling trades , safekeeping securities , keeping records and a host of related tasks which make the financial markets work . He then discussed shifts in stock markets in the last two decades : the number of investable stock markets have doubled since 1980 , from about 83 in 1980 to over 160 today , and the major global custodians routinely cover about 90 of them .
?	keep.v	62	Under such an approach , for the policy reasons mentioned above , it would be possible to grant the seller certain advantages ( e.g. priority as of the time of the conclusion of the sales contract in which the retention of title was contained or as of the time of delivery of the goods ) . A fourth option might be to keep the retention of title as a separate transaction , but to place it on a par with any other security right ( i.e. without granting the retention-of-title seller any special privileges relating to creation , third-party effectiveness , priority and enforcement ) . These options are discussed in greater detail in chapter XII on acquisition financing rights ( see A/CN.9/631/Add.9 ) .
?	keep.v	45	In the light of the foregoing , we are aware of the breadth and scale of the challenges , which require African responsibility as well as international solidarity . We are confident that the Council will be able to take appropriate decisions that are in keeping with the aspirations of all Somalis to peace . The President ( spoke in Spanish ) : I thank Mrs. Ratsifandrihamanana for her statement .
?	keep.v	77	The necessity to comply with these standards will have an impact on the choice of location for the archives . According to the principle of archival integrity , “ the records of a given agency should be kept together as the records of that agency , such records should be kept , as far as possible , in the arrangement given them in the agency in the course of its official business , such records should be kept in their entirety , without mutilation , alteration , or unauthorized destruction of portions of them ” . Each of the archives of the Tribunals should therefore be preserved as a complete entity , and within each of the archives , the records received and generated by the different organs should be kept separate .
?	keep.v	46	The Board had also recommended that the International Organization for Migration ( IOM ) should be admitted to membership of the Pension Fund . He noted that the Executive Secretary of the International Civil Service Commission ( ICSC ) had confirmed that IOM practices were in keeping with those of the United Nations common system . The annualized nominal rate of return on the investment of the Fund 's assets for the 46-year period ending 31 March 2006 had been 8.7 per cent , representing an annual long-term real rate of return of 4.3 per cent .
?	keep.v	63	- The Council will continue its support of the peace process in Sierra Leone , through UNAMSIL , paying special attention to appropriate funding of the disarmament , demobilization and reintegration programme ; and to the establishment of the Special Court for Sierra Leone , which Jamaica considers of primary importance in the reconciliation and peace-building process . • Jamaica 's Presidency will keep the situation in Afghanistan under constant review by the Council , with particular attention to the humanitarian situation and possible long-term engagement of the United Nations in the resolution of the conflict and post-conflict peace-building and reconstruction . • Jamaica will continue to seek a resolution of the conflict in Western Sahara , bearing in mind the inalienable right to self-determination of the Sahrawi people .
?	keep.v	26	My authorities are not in a position to tell those organizations either to give up or to persevere . My personal guess is that they will keep on trying , for we all agree that the Iraqi people should not be made to suffer for the irresponsible behaviour of its leaders . That is why the Council and the Secretariat , the sanctions Committee and the Office of the Iraq Programme , are working so hard to implement the humanitarian provisions contained in part C of resolution 1284 ( 1999 ) , hoping that the Government of Iraq will soon change its mind and accept the whole resolution for what it is — that is , the shortest way to a suspension , and ultimately a full lifting , of the sanctions .
?	keep.v	46	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of programmes of assistance for the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations decisions relating to decolonization , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly ,
?	keep.v	58	Mr. Adechi ( Benin ) ( spoke in French ) : The vote just taken by the Security Council is a major event in the context of the tireless efforts of the international community to promote the rule of law and to protect humanity against the terrible events witnessed in recent decades . The vote was also in keeping with action by the Council to find a solution to the lethal conflict under way in Darfur . We regret the fact that the text we have adopted contains a provision of immunity from jurisdiction , which runs counter to the spirit of the Rome Statute .
?	keep.v	25	Organization of work In section II.A , paragraph 20 , of its resolution 57/283 B , the General Assembly encouraged the Committee on Conferences to keep under continued review the procedures for the participation of observers in the work of the Committee . Adoption of the report
?	keep.v	54	The Committee also noted the Government 's indication that there was a trend towards an increasing ratio of women ( 66.23 per cent ) , including women with family responsibilities , among the job seekers participating in training and other preparations for entry into the labour market . The Committee asked the Government to keep it informed of the progress made regarding the implementation of the measures set out in the 2006 strategic document on work and family , and their impact on achieving the objectives of the Convention . The Committee noted that even though the legislation contemplates the possibility of working shorter hours and the Labour Code explicitly establishes a guarantee of equal working conditions of employees working reduced hours and those working the established number of weekly hours , both men and women workers utilized this option only to a small extent .
?	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Operation in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-ninth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Operation in Burundi ” . United Nations
?	keep.v	50	Collective security is today a specific moral imperative and a pressing need on the part of our peoples , to which we must respond quickly and effectively . This solid and tangible commitment to peace and collective security will be a key priority for the world 's parliaments , in keeping with their humanistic principles and their fundamental values and with the principles of the Charter of the United Nations . The meeting rose at 6.25 p.m .
?	keep.v	33	We therefore call for an early conclusion of negotiations on a legally binding international instrument to control the indiscriminate supply of small arms and light weapons , especially to non-State actors . In keeping with our commitment to the eradication of those weapons , ECOWAS has already established and renewed a moratorium on the importation of small arms and light weapons . To make that moratorium as effective as intended , we call for effective cooperation on the part of all producing countries .
?	keep.v	38	The Special Rapporteur encourages the Canadian Government to ratify the International Convention on the Protection of the Rights of All Migrant Workers and Members of Their Families . In this respect , she encourages the Canadian Government to keep up its good practice of respecting and defending human rights by supporting this international instrument , which will provide protection to migrant workers and their families not only in Canada , but also in many other countries where Canada , through its support , is endeavouring to ensure that all human rights are respected and protected for all . The Special Rapporteur wishes to draw the Canadian Government 's attention to the question of xenophobia , racism and racial discrimination , by which unfortunately the whole world is nowadays affected .
?	keep.v	15	Action by the Committee In pursuance of its mandate , the Committee will continue to keep under review the situation relating to the question of Palestine and participate in relevant meetings of the Security Council and the General Assembly . The Committee will also continue to monitor the situation on the ground and draw the attention of the international community to urgent developments in the Occupied Palestinian Territory , including Jerusalem , requiring international action .
?	keep.v	37	Controls on the export and import of dual-use technologies are not an end in themselves but simply a useful tool which States possess to prevent such scientific and technological advances from being diverted to military purposes . Keeping them separate from a system made up of both security and development components can only make them more ineffective . It is clear , then , that such mechanisms , if they are truly to prevent the development of weapons , must be part of a system which includes the elements of disarmament , non-proliferation , verification and international cooperation for socio-economic development .
?	keep.v	42	Documents were often distributed late , not allowing enough time for close study . In the end , Ms. Riley chose to declare Cancun to be a qualified success since it had led to the formation of new and effective alliances that kept the development focus in the negotiations . She expressed hope that it might lead to future talks being more transparent , inclusive and democratic .
?	keep.v	87	We are also of the view that it is appropriate to consider and make decisions on the financial implications of the restructuring of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations as well as of the establishment of the Office for Disarmament Affaires within the context of the whole structure of the Secretariat . In this regard , we appreciate the Secretary-General 's commitment that his proposals are to be resource-neutral with respect to the programme budget for the biennium 2006-2007 , and we expect that that commitment will be kept . At the same time , we wish to state here for the record that it is our understanding that the programme budget outline for the biennium 2008-2009 that is contained in document 61/254 will be fully respected and should be the basis for the coming deliberations .
?	keep.v	65	It also asked about lessons learnt and good practices with regard to managing the transition to democracy in a multi-religious , multi-ethnic and multi-racial society . Saudi Arabia indicated that it carefully studied the national and other reports of Indonesia , and examined the general framework in the first and second NHRAPs , which included practical measures undertaken by Indonesia to strengthen human rights in keeping with cultural and religious values without discrimination on the basis of race , religion or belief . It referred to measures undertaken to strengthen human rights such as the harmonization of national legislation with international human rights norms , the setting up of centres to protect women and children in the provinces , and the revision of law No. 3/1997 on children 's courts and the cooperation with UNICEF .
?	keep.v	27	These steps would begin to address Israel 's security concerns and build the confidence necessary to develop a partnership for peace . For its part , in keeping with its obligations under the road map , and in order to build confidence on the Palestinian side , the Government of Israel must reverse its policy of settlement expansion and implement a settlement freeze . In addition , it must halt construction of the security wall that it is building on Palestinian land and remove those sections already constructed .
?	keep.v	34	Budgets for the years in question will include rules relating to the reservation of resources for the funding of targeted social assistance for low-income people depending on the need in each region . In keeping with national policy and in cooperation with the trade unions and employers associations , we have concluded a general agreement ensuring coordination of activities in the labour market and protection of environmental and workplace safety . We also recall the proverb that if one wants to help a man for just a day , give him food , but if one wants to help him for a lifetime , give him an education .
?	keep.v	45	Many earlier writers , mourning the demise of the old order , tended to romanticize and exaggerate this `` gracious Old South '' imagery , creating such lasting impressions as Margaret Mitchell 's `` Tara '' plantation . Modern writers , who are supposed to keep their fingers firmly upon the pulse of their subjects , insist upon drawing out this legend , prolonging its burial , when it well deserves a rest after the overexploitation of the past century . Perhaps these writers have been too deeply moved by this romanticizing ; but they can hardly deny that , exaggerated or not , the old panorama is dead .
?	keep.v	40	The two parties concerned must be urged to settle the Western Sahara dispute politically , in a solution based on autonomy , with an effective transfer of power in accordance with international law . Such a transfer would be in keeping with the process of institutional decentralization and democratization that had been going on in the Kingdom since 1976 . Also , in the interests of the larger decolonization of the region , Spain should enter into negotiations with Morocco over its control of its Northern African enclaves and should agree to the decolonization of the Canary Islands and the return of its inhabitants in the diaspora .
?	keep.v	36	It would be desirable to shorten the process from self-assessment to submission , with subsequent communications commencing shortly thereafter . This would serve to both sustain the momentum achieved for climate change activities and help to keep the technical and management team intact . Reduce response time : a number of countries indicated the dimensions of enhanced continuity , strong focal points and national engagement would be better served if the response time between proposal submission and release of funding to commence activities were shortened .
?	keep.v	41	Those forms had to be filled out by the police and other agencies and sent to the Ministry of Health , which was responsible for compiling the data and distributing it monthly to all Government bodies . The Women 's Department kept statistics on the number of women it assisted , as did other agencies , and part of the national plan of action to address gender-based violence was to integrate the data generated by all Government bodies . Articles 15 and 16
?	keep.v	17	States should take on certain responsibilities and implement measures that would regulate arms trade . • Record keeping ; • Marking and tracing ;
?	keep.v	26	The impartiality of the judiciary and the risk that other branches might not be independent were highlighted in this respect . A further suggestion was to keep the text as it was , with an explanation in the guide that other competent authorities might be authorized under applicable local regulations to order disclosure of information in the cases specified in subparagraphs ( a ) and ( b ) . Opposition was expressed to that suggestion. It was felt that the revised model law should provide minimum essential requirements .
?	keep.v	33	It was not until the last year of his life that he had his first moneymaking show . The unabashed sexuality of so many of this paintings was not the only thing that kept the public at bay : his view of the world was one of almost unrelieved tragedy , and it was too much even for morbid-minded Vienna .
?	keep.v	36	They will have the financial resources needed for the region 's development in all fields , and will take an active part in the nation 's economic , social and cultural life . The State will keep its powers in the royal domains , especially with respect to defence , external relations and the constitutional and religious prerogatives of His Majesty the King . The Moroccan initiative , which is made in an open spirit , aims to set the stage for dialogue and a negotiation process that would lead to a mutually acceptable political solution .
?	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-sixth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Mission in Sierra Leone ” . 92nd plenary meeting 24 December 2001
?	keep.v	72	Issues of maternity , paternity and upbringing and education of the children , as well as other issues of family life , are resolved by the spouses together , based on the principle of the equality of the spouses . Under Article 25 of the Family Code , upon entry into marriage , the spouses may choose the surname of one of the spouses as the family name , or each may keep his or her name . Under Article 31 of the Constitution , each has the right to own and use the property belonging to him or her and to dispose of or bequeath it as he or she sees fit .
?	keep.v	37	From behind us came the rapping of the stick and the high-pitched voices of the boys who would grow to devote their lives to rigid study and prayer . I said , `` How long do they keep that up '' ? `` All day '' , she said .
?	keep.v	46	All detainees felt that the procedure related to their detention was not respected . However , on 27 October the Supreme Court reversed its decision of 6 October to release the seven pending trial and ruled in favour of the appeal submitted by the Attorney-General to keep them in detention . On 7 November 2006 , former Vice-President Alphonse-Marie Kadege and Tharcisse Ndayishimiye were summoned before the court for questioning by the Attorney-General .
?	keep.v	32	Her delegation agreed with the model on loss allocation adopted by the Commission , which placed the main liability for compensation for damage caused on the operator . That approach was in keeping with the “ polluter pays ” principle enshrined not only in international law but also in Russian legislation . Her delegation also agreed on the importance of participation by the State in the loss allocation scheme , above all to ensure that the victims were not left alone to bear all the losses resulting from the damage .
?	keep.v	21	The evaluation team has had considerable difficulty in gathering even basic data from national programmes . Most country programmes do not keep systematic files on Empretecos and other clients , trainers , consultants or advisors . They have a hard time tracing individuals and producing up-to-date listings and basic statistics .
?	keep.v	66	Mr. Ducaru ( Romania ) : As this is the first time for me to address this distinguished and vital organ of the United Nations , allow me to extend my congratulations to all the newly elected members , particularly the Singapore presidency for the month of January . It is my great pleasure to welcome warmly the initiative of Minister Jayakumar and Ambassador Mahbubani to keep alive a valuable practice by organizing , during its presidency of the Council , an open debate on strengthening cooperation among the Security Council , the Secretary-General and the troop-contributing countries . We are grateful to the current presidency of the Council , not only for their initiative , which offers us the opportunity to address a crucial issue for the future success of any United Nations peacekeeping operation , but also for the very comprehensive and sound policy papers we were provided with , both as food for thought and as a good starter for our debate .
?	keep.v	46	However , other non-possessory security rights , for example , chattel mortgages , will be recognized only if an analogy can be made to an equivalent domestic security right . Thus , if the domestic law does not recognize security rights that allow the debtor to keep possession of the collateral , the security right may be refused recognition as long as the goods remain in the new law of the location of the asset . Even if an analogous security right can be found for the foreign security right under domestic law , the foreign security right will only be given the legal effects that the corresponding domestic right produces .
?	keep.v	65	On 20 September 2001 , Council members held consultations in the morning with the Secretariat ( Department of Political Affairs and the Department of Peacekeeping Operations ) and with the Special Representative of the Secretary-General , Mr. Dinka , and met in closed session with two members of the facilitation team ( Messrs. Bomani and Haysom ) in the afternoon . Council members stressed that keeping to the 1 November deadline for the installation of a transition government could have a positive impact on a number of outstanding issues , especially the issue of the ceasefire . There were two main problems to be resolved before the transition period : the establishment of a legal framework ( including the adoption of two laws on provisional amnesty and on crimes of genocide ) and the establishment of a special protection unit .
?	keep.v	64	Of particular relevance to participation and globalization , the CEDAW Committee has stressed that “ the globalization of the contemporary world makes the inclusion of women and their participation in international organizations , on equal terms with men , increasingly important ” , yet the CEDAW Committee notes that many crucial questions on global issues are taken with limited participation of women . In keeping with the principle of the interdependence of human rights , certain other rights recognized in international treaties can be considered essential prerequisites to the enjoyment of participatory rights . These rights and freedoms include the freedom of expression , the freedom of assembly , the freedom of association , the freedom of movement and the right to seek , receive and impart information .
?	keep.v	34	On Lebanon , Italy expresses great satisfaction at the formation of the Lebanese Government . It is now time for the international community strongly to support the resumption of a national dialogue , in keeping with the Doha Agreement . In that respect , Italy reaffirms its support for the independence and sovereignty of Lebanon .
?	keep.v	51	In that context , although it recognizes that that an international police presence will be needed after independence , the European Union encourages UNTAET to accelerate the training process of the East Timorese police force . The European Union expresses its appreciation for the excellent work of the civilian police in keeping law and order throughout East Timor . The Union is , however , concerned by reports of increasing criminality , particularly violence against women .
?	keep.v	49	Decides to extend the mandate of UNOMIG for a new period terminating on 31 July 2005 ; subject to a review as appropriate of its mandate by the Council in the event of changes in the mandate of the CIS peacekeeping force ; Requests the Secretary-General to continue to keep the Council regularly informed and to report three months from the date of the adoption of this resolution on the situation in Abkhazia , Georgia ; Decides to remain actively seized of the matter .
?	keep.v	107	The Chairman said that Albania , Bhutan , Bolivia , Burundi , El Salvador , Ethiopia , Fiji , Gabon , Japan , Kazakhstan , Lesotho , Mauritius , Mongolia , Morocco , Nepal , New Zealand , the Russian Federation , Rwanda , Switzerland , Thailand , Uzbekistan , Zambia and Zimbabwe had joined the list of sponsors . Ms. Tang ( Singapore ) said she agreed that the draft resolution was an important one but regretted that the sponsors had not been able to take into account the concerns of her delegation with regard to paragraph 26 ( b ) , which was not in keeping with the provisions of the Convention on the Rights of the Child ; she also believed that the words “ corporal punishment ” had no place in paragraph 41 ( c ) . Her delegation therefore requested recorded votes on paragraph 26 ( b ) and on the inclusion of the words “ corporal punishment ” in paragraph 41 ( c ) and would vote against in both cases .
?	keep.v	58	In terms of these legal instruments , the Bank is obliged to clearly identify its clients and should refuse to carry out suspicious operations ( any operation involving 441 times more the minimum national wage without justification is considered a suspicious operation ) . The Bank is also , in terms of the same legal instrument obliged to keep record of all suspected bank and financial transactions , in which case the Bank must inform the Attorney General 's Office of such transactions . A similar control mechanism is stated in Act no3/96 of 4 January ( Foreign Exchange Law ) and its Rules and Regulations approved by the Notice no. 5/GGBM/96 of 19 July of the Governor of Central Bank of Mozambique .
?	keep.v	93	Decides to extend the mandate of UNOMIG for a new period terminating on 31 January 2001 , subject to a review by the Council of the mandate of UNOMIG in the event of any changes that may be made in the mandate or in the presence of the CIS peacekeeping force , and expresses its intention to conduct a thorough review of the operation at the end of its current mandate , in the light of steps taken by the parties to achieve a comprehensive settlement ; Requests the Secretary-General to continue to keep the Council regularly informed and to report three months from the date of the adoption of this resolution on the situation in Abkhazia , Georgia ; Decides to remain actively seized of the matter .
?	keep.v	45	Mr. Guéhenno suggested that many grey areas exist in peacekeeping when there is a weak agreement between the parties and there are spoilers on the ground . Mr. Guéhenno suggested that in such cases the decision of whether or not there is a peace to keep is a judgement call that makes the Council 's work especially challenging . • Is peacekeeping suitable when stronger action is needed ?
?	keep.v	73	“ These few examples suffice to show that alternative service is an activity of a professional nature governed by labour legislation and that its duration makes it a proper alternative solution and not a supposed punishment for refusing to bear arms on grounds of religious conviction . “ Article 2 of the Ukrainian Alternative ( Civilian ) Service Act acknowledges the right of anyone belonging to a religious organization whose activities are in keeping with domestic legislation and for whom a prohibition on bearing arms is an article of faith to perform civilian service . “ Under article 8 of the Ukrainian Freedom of Conscience and Religious Organizations Act , religious organizations established in Ukraine , including those that have not been constituted in the country , are free to register their statutes ( so as to obtain legal personality ) or not to do so .
?	keep.v	40	The procedures for the registration of marriage are outlined in section 31 through 36 of the Marriage Act . They provide that the marriage officer who solemnizes the marriage shall register it in the Marriage Register Book ( which is kept by the marriage officer ) , in duplicate , with his/her signature and those of the two parties married and two witnesses . A duplicate of the register shall be given to the Registrar General , who is obligated to file the said duplicate in the General Register Office .
?	keep.v	31	United Nations international staff in the international zone continue to be exposed to a medium level of risk . Staff numbers are continuously reviewed and monitored to ensure that they are kept at acceptable levels . Nevertheless , the risk to national staff remains very high due to the rampant violence afflicting Baghdad .
?	keep.v	32	Its main goal is to strengthen , through a project-based approach , existing collaboration and to expand it into new fields . The Project Development Fund was established in October 2002 in keeping with the project-based approach embodied in the BSEC Economic Agenda . Its purpose is to facilitate the development and promotion of projects involving high regional cooperation and with development impact in the BSEC region at the early stages of their conception .
?	keep.v	125	Commends the important role the Special Rapporteur has played towards the elimination of extrajudicial , summary or arbitrary executions , and encourages the Special Rapporteur to continue , within the framework of his mandate , to collect information from all concerned , to respond effectively to reliable information that comes before him , to follow up on communications and country visits and to seek the views and comments of Governments and to reflect them , as appropriate , in the elaboration of his reports ; Strongly urges all States to cooperate with and assist the Special Rapporteur so that his mandate may be carried out effectively , including , where appropriate , by issuing invitations to the Special Rapporteur when he so requests , in keeping with the usual terms of reference for missions by special rapporteurs of the Commission , and to respond to the communications transmitted to them by the Special Rapporteur ; Expresses its appreciation to those States that have invited the Special Rapporteur to visit their countries , asks them to examine carefully the recommendations made by the Special Rapporteur , invites them to report to the Special Rapporteur on the actions taken on those recommendations and requests other States , including those mentioned in the report of the Special Rapporteur , to cooperate in a similar way ;
?	keep.v	29	But gender equality is also a means of achieving and sustaining development and is indispensable to the achievement of the Millennium Development Goals . The Netherlands has continued to keep its ODA at 0.8 % of GNP . Priority areas are education , reproductive health and rights , the fight against HIV/Aids , environment and water .
?	keep.v	53	The establishment of regional United Nations information centres was a source of discord between the developing and developed countries . In considering the two draft resolutions , it was essential for delegations to attempt to narrow those differences and to agree on a process for the regionalization of information centres that was in keeping with the mandates of the General Assembly . The first phase , which had involved the creation of a regional centre in Western Europe , was now complete , and the next phase must begin .
?	keep.v	20	In the past year , efforts continued to expand UNHCR 's internal capacity for evaluation and policy analysis . In keeping with the objective of further devolving the evaluation function , the Evaluation and Policy Analysis Unit provided support to the field and to other headquarters units in undertaking evaluations more independently , including training sessions on evaluation techniques and encouragement to undertake regular self-evaluations . Building performance-related accountability
?	keep.v	40	In July 2001 , the Standing Committee of the Pension Board requested a study , which was arranged for only at the end of 2002 . The consultant advised the Investment Management Service , in its mid-2003 report , to keep the master record keeper ( MRK ) system for the investment general ledger , while enhancing it through increased automation of data movements from the MRK to the UNJSPF Lawson general ledger . It outlined the benefits of the arrangement ( business continuity , information technology infrastructure managed and maintained by the MRK , quality of service provided by the economies of scale at the MRK ) and its cost-effectiveness : a custom-made application would have been expensive to develop and maintain .
?	keep.v	43	It should be noted as well that Mexico is taking this action with a view to establishing its national preparatory committee in order to participate actively and decisively in the preparatory process of the World Summit . Furthermore , Mexico has very attentively kept abreast of international recommendations on the information society and on information and communication technologies . It has expressed its views in various forums , such as the Millennium Assembly and the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development , and we have followed the recommendations of the Group of 15 and the Group of Eight , among others .
?	keep.v	44	The Acting President : I appeal once again to representatives to be good enough to keep silent in the General Assembly Hall in order to maintain the dignity of the Assembly and out of courtesy to our speakers . I also ask speakers to keep to their time limit of seven minutes . I now call on Mrs. Luisa María Cuculiza , Minister for the Advancement of Women and Human Development of Peru .
?	keep.v	30	In this respect , the Security Council faces an enormous challenge . Secondly , it is essential that solidarity concerning this issue , which has existed since 1951 , be kept intact . This solidarity requires political support , resistance against the fear that may be generated by terrorist acts , resources in an environment of increasing scarcity , and fulfilment of simple commitments such as subscribing unreservedly to the Convention relating to the Status of Refugees , in cases in which this has not yet been done .
?	keep.v	45	I therefore recommend that the Security Council extend the mandate of UNFICYP for a further six-month period , starting on 16 June 2005 and ending 15 December 2005 , with the present authorized strength and concept of operations . During this time , we will keep the operations of UNFICYP under close review , and I will revert to the Council in the event that major changes are warranted . I do not believe that the time is ripe to appoint a full-time person dedicated to my good offices .
?	keep.v	48	UNFPA has collaborated closely with the United Nations Environment Programme ( UNEP ) and other conservation organizations in various activities , including conducting workshops on these linkages . UNFPA has made sustained efforts to identify linkages between population , poverty and environmental factors for integrated programming purposes in keeping with the International Conference on Population and Development . As with the five-year review of the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development , UNFPA is cooperating closely in all inter-agency efforts for the five-year review of the World Summit for Social Development .
?	keep.v	42	So we had some dazzling and memorable Milstein , but not great Brahms . The concert opened with another big romantic score , Schumann's Overture to Manfred , which suffered fate , this time with orchestral thrusts to the Byronic point to keep it afloat . Hindemith 's joust with Weber tunes was a considerably more serious misfortune , for it demands translucent textures , buoyant rhythms , and astringent wit .
?	keep.v	55	Welcomes , in this regard , the accession by New Caledonia to the status of observer in the South Pacific Forum , continuing high-level visits to New Caledonia by delegations from countries of the Pacific region and high-level visits by delegations from New Caledonia to countries members of the South Pacific Forum ; Decides to keep under continuous review the process unfolding in New Caledonia as a result of the signing of the Nouméa Accord ; Requests the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples to continue to examine the question and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-sixth session .
?	keep.v	44	Invites voluntary contributions to the Transitional Administration in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-sixth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Transitional Administration in East Timor ” . The meeting was called to order at 10.15 a.m .
?	keep.v	35	The Partido Popular Democrático , led by the President and Governor of Puerto Rico , had mapped out a new road towards a solution . The United States must seek an outcome that was in keeping with its honourable democratic tradition and not with a shameful imperialist resurgence . The United Nations as well had the historic duty of furthering a genuine process of self-determination in Puerto Rico .
?	keep.v	135	Consistent with its general approach to allocating pre-default rights and obligations as between assignor and assignee , the Guide recommends that these general principles govern cases where payment has been made in good faith to a person not actually entitled to receive it ( see recommendation 112 , subparagraph ( a ) ) . Whatever the circumstances under which the assignee obtains payment , States invariably provide , by means of a mandatory rule , that the assignee may only retain the payment to the extent of its rights in the receivable. In other words , unlike the case of ordinary post-default enforcement ( see chapter X , Enforcement ) , if the payment made by the debtor of the receivable is greater than the outstanding indebtedness of the assignor , the assignee may not keep the surplus ( see recommendation 151 ) . The assignee must remit the excess to the person who is entitled to it ( the next lower-ranking assignee or the assignor , as the case may be ) .
?	keep.v	43	At the 29 November - 3 December 2004 First Review Conference , the States Parties agreed to hold the Sixth Meeting of the States Parties in Croatia from 28 November to 2 December 2005 . To prepare for the Sixth Meeting , in keeping with past practice , at the June 2005 meeting of the Standing Committee on the General Status and Operation of the Convention a draft agenda , provisional programme , draft rules of procedure and draft cost estimates were presented . Based upon discussions at that meeting , it was the sense of the Co-Chairs of the Standing Committee on the General Status and Operation of the Convention that these documents were generally acceptable to the States Parties to be put before the Sixth Meeting for adoption .
?	keep.v	64	The SBI recommended the dates of 3-14 June and 11-22 November for the sessional periods in 2013 for adoption by the COP at its fourteenth session. The SBI invited Parties to come forward with offers to host COP 16 and CMP 6 ( 2010 ) , as well as COP 17 and CMP 7 ( 2011 ) . The SBI noted that , in keeping with the principle of rotation among regional groups , and in the light of recent consultations among the groups , the President of COP 16 would come from the Group of Latin America and the Caribbean and the President of COP 17 would come from the African Group . The SBI encouraged countries hosting future sessions of the COP and CMP , if they are planning informal ministerial meetings bearing on climate change , to consider holding such meetings well before the COP and CMP sessions to allow Parties time to reflect on the results of these meetings , and to reduce scheduling conflicts during the sessions .
?	keep.v	45	Reiterates its firm support for the mission of good offices of the Secretary-General in order to assist the parties in complying with the request made by the General Assembly in its resolutions on the question of the Falkland Islands ( Malvinas ) ; Decides to keep under review the question of the Falkland Islands ( Malvinas ) subject to the directives that the General Assembly has issued and may issue in that regard . Letter dated 13 August 2001 from the Permanent Representative of Iraq to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
?	keep.v	30	Invites Member States to provide information to the Working Group at its twenty-seventh session , in 2002 , about measures taken to suppress or prevent debt bondage ; Decides to keep the question of debt bondage under consideration and to assess the progress achieved at future sessions , with a view to the total elimination of this abhorrent practice ; Expresses its gratitude to Governments , organizations and individuals , including young students , who have contributed to the Fund and encourages them to continue doing so ;
?	keep.v	45	Reiterates its firm support for the mission of good offices of the Secretary-General in order to assist the parties in complying with the request made by the General Assembly in its resolutions on the question of the Falkland Islands ( Malvinas ) ; Decides to keep under review the question of the Falkland Islands ( Malvinas ) subject to the directives that the General Assembly has issued and may issue in that regard . COMMISSION ON HUMAN RIGHTS Sub-Commission on the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights Fifty-seventh session Item 3 of the provisional agenda
?	keep.v	93	Paragraph ( 1 ) The request of pregnant women to have their pregnancy terminated is personally presented to the representative of the Family Protection Service ( hereinafter : the official ) along with a certificate issued by the obstetrician-gynaecologist who diagnosed the pregnancy . Paragraph ( 1 ) Following the presentation of the request to have the pregnancy terminated , the official , with full respect to the feelings and the dignity of the expectant woman , preferably in the presence of the father of the foetus , and for the sake of keeping the foetus , informs her - or the representative at court in cases provided by 8 Paragraph ( 3 ) - of the following : a ) cash and in-kind assistance from public and non-public resources available in the event that they decide to keep the child ;
?	keep.v	46	The national Identity Card of the citizen of the Republic of Moldova and the Travel passport were brought to the standards and requirements specified in the international normative acts : DOC 9303 and ISO 1831-1980/E . Blank materials for printing and issuing of identity papers are kept in secure conditions , which exclude unauthorized access . For the protection of these documents there are some following elements provided : special paper ; microtext ; holograms ; magnetic stamp ; bicolor stamp printed on every page trough the “ iris offset ” method ; numeration of pages ; special thread visible in ultraviolet rays ; printing of the photo of the owner ; stamp and signature of the person responsible for issuance ; machine readable zone .
?	keep.v	46	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of programmes of assistance to the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations resolutions and decisions relating to decolonization , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly ,
?	keep.v	6	Note by the UNCTAD secretariat In keeping with the past practice , and in conformity with the modus operandi followed by the First , Second and Third Review Conferences , it is proposed that the Fourth Review Conference follow the draft provisional rules of procedure as contained in TD/RBP/CONF.3/2 , copies of which are made available for the Conference . United Nations
?	keep.v	34	But if we can thereby advance our work , suppose we go back and keep the “ 2006 ” in the previous paragraphs , as I had recommended . Would we then agree to keep “ 2006 ” in paragraph 10 and also to retain the amendment by the representatives of Armenia , Cuba and Iran ? As I said , I hate to go back .
?	keep.v	64	Responding to members who had expressed support for the exclusion of refugees and stateless persons from the scope of the topic , the Special Rapporteur pointed out that the existing legal instruments did not establish a comprehensive regime for the expulsion of these categories of persons . The Commission should therefore examine the rules applicable to these persons - including non-refoulement of refugees - keeping in mind contemporary law and practice . The same comment applied to the expulsion of enemy aliens , which was not governed by international humanitarian law instruments .
?	keep.v	43	Mr. Lavrov ( Russian Federation ) ( spoke in Russian ) : The entire course of events thus far confirms that it is not possible to resolve the Israeli-Palestinian conflict . The status quo is entirely untenable , since it is not in keeping with the interests of either party . The Palestinians will not be able to achieve creation of their national homeland and the Israelis will not be able to ensure their national security .
?	keep.v	55	Calls upon the Board of Trustees of the Fund to report to the Commission at its fifty-seventh session and to present an updated assessment of the global need for international funding of rehabilitation services for victims of torture and of lessons learned from the activities of the Fund ; Requests the Secretary-General to continue to keep the Commission informed of the operations of the Fund on an annual basis ; Urges States parties whose arrears pre-date the provision made by the Secretary-General for funding the Committee against Torture from the regular budget to fulfil their obligations forthwith ;
?	keep.v	49	The United States pledged $ 10 million ; the United Kingdom , $ 3.5 million ; and Canada , $ 2.2 million . This total of more than $ 50 million for the kick-off is a good record , yet future prospects are not necessarily encouraging and we must keep working on securing financing throughout the process . Finally , the success of DDR will ultimately depend upon the economic capacity of the country itself .
?	keep.v	70	In addition , the task of adapting our legislation to national and international realities was imposed on our national representation meeting , which made a commitment on 26 May 2004 , to a procedure aimed at amending some provisions of the Fundamental Law adopted by referendum on 31 March 1996 . This procedure , which will harmonize the Constitution with the requirements of democracy and fundamental freedoms , is in keeping with the final provisions of the Constitution , which itself authorizes the revision . In this context of globalizing economies , in which the rules of the game are constantly being subverted , in particular by the practice of the largest States of subsidizing their own agricultural products to the detriment of the poorer countries , all efforts to resolve these developmental problems have been inconclusive .
?	keep.v	11	We can not agree more . We believe that , to keep a genuine global coalition against terrorism together , there will be need for tangible progress on other fronts of the struggle for a humane and just world . Bangladesh has never failed to respond effectively and promptly to the Secretary-General 's call for peacekeeping and peace-building .
?	keep.v	49	Letter dated 9 June 2003 from the Chairman of the Committee As you are aware , the General Assembly , by its resolution 57/107 of 3 December 2002 , has again requested the Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People “ to continue to keep under review the situation relating to the question of Palestine and to report and make suggestions to the General Assembly or the Security Council , as appropriate ” . By the same resolution , the Assembly requested the Secretary-General “ to continue to provide the Committee with all the necessary facilities for the performance of its tasks ” .
?	keep.v	110	If , for example , the ICTR judge who came into office in May 1999 and demitted office on 31 December 2008 , he is subject to the “ standstill ” effect of article 1 ( 2 ) ( a ) of annex III , that is , his pension is frozen at two ninths of the salary , approximately $ 37 , 000.00 . This is a difference of $ 51 , 000.00 , notwithstanding that both judges have the same number of years of service , and earned the same monthly , yearly and aggregate salary over that period — again , an outcome that is not in keeping with the statutory requirement that the conditions of service of the ICTR judge be the same as those of the ICJ judge . Agenda
?	keep.v	36	Regarding the role of IPAs , another panellist elaborated on the importance of pointing out the competitive advantages of locations . In addition to developing a brand name , IPAs should make good first impressions , keep their promises , and if the investment went well , use the investor as an ambassador for their location . In response to a question about occasional hostility by host countries to mergers and acquisitions of utility companies and companies in other sensitive areas , a panellist said that once a Government had decided to privatize a company , it should not intervene in the takeover process .
?	keep.v	68	In addition , it is forbidden to ask a candidate , when applying for a job , to present a pregnancy certificate and/or to sign a commitment that she wo n't become pregnant or give birth to a child during the period of validity of her working contract . In the private economic sector , there are situations where pregnancy becomes an obstacle either for getting or for keeping a job . Labor inspectors are expected to take a more pro-active stance in this respect , thoroughly investigating such instances and applying sanctions accordingly .
?	keep.v	33	Furthermore , with the admission of Switzerland and Timor-Leste , there are no fewer than 191 States Member of the United Nations . From the viewpoint of its representativeness , how can we keep the Council at its present size and composition , which is the same as it was nearly 40 years ago , when there were only 118 Member States ? It is , of course , essential that the Council 's efficiency be maintained .
?	keep.v	30	The Committee held a discussion on the working group 's recommendations , and noted in particular that they are in line with the Committee 's practice . Experts agreed to keep the question of reservations under review at future sessions . Indicators for monitoring compliance with international human rights instruments
?	keep.v	31	That initiative has received unprecedented international acceptance and was adopted by all Arab States at the Arab Summit in Lebanon . While Arab leaders continue their efforts and contacts , in keeping with the Arab peace initiative , Israel continues its deliberate destructive policies in the Palestinian territories and its arbitrary and inhumane practices , committing war crimes for which it could be tried under international agreements . Israel is reoccupying parts of the Palestinian territory and is imposing a military siege against it .
?	keep.v	64	( u ) The Board took note of the various documents relating to the possible purchase of additional years of contributory service and agreed to keep the matter under periodic review ; ( v ) After considering a report that examined the possibility of expanding the scope of residual settlements under article 38 of the Regulations of the Fund , the Board decided to keep the proposal under review and to reconsider the matter on the occasion of the next actuarial valuation ; ( w ) The Board decided to maintain the current system for establishing local track benefits with respect to Professional staff and to maintain the methodology for determining final average remuneration for staff in the General Service category ; the Board agreed that those issues should continue to be closely monitored by the Fund secretariat ;
?	keep.v	55	It will take time and perseverance to put the pieces back together . To address these global challenges , we must go on building bridges among allies around the globe in order to bring the rice to where it is needed to feed the people , to make investments to create jobs , and to keep the peace and maintain stability in the world . It is therefore timely that the Secretary-General , Ban Ki-moon , has organized this year 's agenda around the impact of the global economy on the poor .
?	keep.v	35	It was therefore suggested that the proposal should be improved accordingly , and also address other concerns expressed by delegations during the current session . At its 254th meeting , the Special Committee decided to keep the proposal on its agenda . Annex
?	keep.v	124	( c ) Prevent the direct or indirect supply , sale and transfer , to these individuals , groups , undertakings and entities from their territories or by their nationals outside their territories , or using their flag vessels or aircraft , of arms and related materiel of all types including weapons and ammunition , military vehicles and equipment , paramilitary equipment , and spare parts for the aforementioned and technical advice , assistance , or training related to military activities ; Decides that the measures referred to in paragraphs 1 and 2 above will be reviewed in 12 months and that at the end of this period the Council will either allow these measures to continue or decide to improve them , in keeping with the principles and purposes of this resolution ; Recalls the obligation placed upon all Member States to implement in full resolution 1373 ( 2001 ) , including with regard to any member of the Taliban and the Al-Qaida organization , and any individuals , groups , undertakings and entities associated with the Taliban and the Al-Qaida organization , who have participated in the financing , planning , facilitating and preparation or perpetration of terrorist acts or in supporting terrorist acts ;
?	keep.v	43	As the Foreign Minister of Timor-Leste said , that would be better ensured by systematic and guaranteed United Nations assistance than by bilateral development assistance . The present stage of Timor-Leste 's development dictates that the heavy investment poured into establishing peace and keeping it can be preserved only by a sustainable socio-economic development framework for Timor-Leste . A peaceful , free and strong country will require economic self-sufficiency .
?	keep.v	109	As expressed in the statement of programme budget implications ( E/2007/L.16 ) prepared in support of the Council 's consideration of the report on the second session of the Committee of Experts on International Cooperation in Tax Matters , $ 450 , 000 in voluntary contributions will be required to conduct at least five regional training workshops during the biennium 2008-2009 and to cover the cost of travel and per diem of workshop participants , expert trainers and staff members , including other logistical workshop-related costs . The recommendation to deliver those capacity-building workshops was raised in the reports on all sessions of the Committee , and is in keeping with the mandate of the Committee to make recommendations on capacity-building and the provision of technical assistance to developing countries and countries with economies in transition . In addition to offers from Member States to host such capacity-building activities , most of those capacity-building activities are to be funded through voluntary contributions to the trust fund for tax cooperation matters referred to in Economic and Social Council resolution 2007/39 .
?	keep.v	28	Their civil documents , however , are transferred into the husband 's family name . All women in Syria , which is to say 100 per cent , keep their original family name . At the same time , however , they are under the husband 's family name and under no circumstances do women have the right to give their family name to their children .
?	keep.v	32	Nevertheless , since the majority of Member States wished to continue funding the activities of the Office , his delegation would not block consensus . It would , however , continue to keep the performance of the Office under review . Questions relating to the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2006-2007 ( A/C.5/60/L.25 )
?	keep.v	41	21.4 Within the framework of existing guidelines , individual technical cooperation activities under the regular programme are determined by the nature of requests received from Governments , the recommendations of intergovernmental legislative and expert bodies and approved work programmes . In keeping with the guidelines , funding is directed towards activities with a demonstrated multiplier effect likely to have a significant impact on the development process that are in accord with development needs and priorities of individual countries and are consistent with global development policies enunciated by United Nations legislative bodies . 21.5 Because the scope and composition of the activities under the regular programme are based on the individual requests of Governments , the proposals at this stage indicate only major areas of activity and relevant secretariat units to be responsible for their implementation .
?	keep.v	50	My delegation attributes special importance to the subject of oceans and the law of the sea , which constitutes a priority issue due , among other things , to our geographical location and our concern over the environmental preservation of marine ecosystems . All of this must be done in keeping with international law . The General Assembly , by adopting resolution 60/30 , which followed up resolution 59/24 , decided to convene in New York in February 2006 an informal open-ended working group to study issues relating to the conservation and sustainable use of marine biological diversity beyond areas of national jurisdiction as a demonstration of the concern of the international community regarding the increasingly notable deterioration of the extensive marine ecosystems .
?	keep.v	32	At the prearranged time , Greg started the engine and taxied out . From the time the chocks were pulled until the plane was out of sight , he knew Donovan would keep his back to the strip . He wondered where the superstition had originated that it was bad luck for a crew chief to watch his plane take off on a combat mission .
?	keep.v	38	We must therefore , before it is too late , honour our commitment to the United Nations Charter and create a new vision and strategy with which we may face the challenges of this new era . In keeping with the spirit and substance of our historic compromise , we must act responsibly to remove from our midst all threats to global peace and security . Foremost among these is the situation in the Middle East , at the core of which is the Palestinian problem , stemming from the persistent denial to an entire people of the enjoyment of their basic and inalienable rights .
?	keep.v	72	The regional commissions were the key interface between the United Nations and the world 's peoples , and the Member States had a collective responsibility to provide them with adequate resources for the implementation of the Organization 's core mandates . The Group expected that any additional budgetary requirements arising from the 2005 World Summit Outcome would be presented as a revised estimate supported by well-thought-out and detailed proposals and introduced in keeping with established procedures . The Group welcomed the report of the Committee for Programme and Coordination ( CPC ) , but was concerned that not all budget sections had been submitted to CPC for consideration .
?	keep.v	53	In the 1920 presidential election they had that right and many of them did vote for the first time . Along this avenue which saw marching soldiers from the War Between the States returning in 1865 is the National Archives building where hundreds of thousands of this country 's most valuable records are kept . Also the department of justice building is located where J. Edgar Hoover presides over the federal bureau of investigation .
?	keep.v	59	( c ) To authorize the Chairperson of the Working Group to take decisions on behalf of the Working Group concerning urgent situations requiring interim measures ( article 5 of the Optional Protocol and rule 63 of the rules of procedure ) after notification by the Division and to inform the Committee without delay ; ( d ) To keep under consideration other matters concerning its functioning , in particular those referred to in paragraph 13 of its report of 6 May 2002 ( CEDAW/C/2002/II/CRP.4 ) . Recommendations for action by the Committee
?	keep.v	76	( c ) To continue to consider , on a priority basis and in an appropriate substantive manner and framework , the question of the implementation of the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations related to assistance to third States affected by the application of sanctions under Chapter VII of the Charter based on all of the related reports of the Secretary-General and the proposals submitted on the question ; ( d ) To keep on its agenda the question of the peaceful settlement of disputes between States ; ( e ) To consider , as appropriate , any proposal referred to it by the General Assembly in the implementation of the decisions of the High-level Plenary Meeting of the sixtieth session of the Assembly in September 2005 that concern the Charter and any amendments thereto ;
?	keep.v	93	48 ( f ) below ) , , the Office has also worked to strengthen child protection capacity within the recently established new United Nations Mission in Angola ( UNMA ) , including through the establishment of the post of a CPAChild Protection Adviser Similar efforts are under way with respect to the UNMEEUnited Nations Mission in Ethiopia and Eritrea and the United Nations Peace-building Support Office in LiberiaUNOL , as well as the newly established UN Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General for West Africa . These efforts are in keeping with Security Council rResolutions 1314 ( 0 ) , , 1379 ( 2001 ) , and the presidential statement on children and armed conflict of 2002 , which specifically called for the inclusion of child protection staff in peace-keeping and peace-building operations . The Office of the Special Representative continued to work with DPKO the Department of Peacekeeping Operations and UNICEF in the deployment of child protection advisers at in UNAMSIL and MONUC .
?	keep.v	53	In observance of World AIDS Day , a special event , organized by the United Nations Department of Public Information ( DPI ) and the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS ( UNAIDS ) , will take place today , 1 December 2000 , at 10 a.m. in Conference Room 4 . In keeping with the theme `` AIDS : Men Make a Difference '' , designated by UNAIDS for its World AIDS Campaign , there will be a discussion on changes in male attitudes and behaviours that could halt the spread of AIDS . The event , moderated by Riz Khan , CNN International , is co-sponsored by the Department of Information , UNAIDS , the United Nations Children 's Fund ( UNICEF ) , the United Nations Population Fund ( UNFPA ) and loveLife/The Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation , in cooperation with the United Nations Development Programme ( UNDP ) .
?	keep.v	37	He was concerned that any expansion of peacekeeping operations or restructuring should be consistent with the basic principles of peacekeeping and ensure linkages with existing peace agreements and processes . There must also be a peace to keep in the first place , as well as an effective , balanced partnership between international stakeholders , with the consent of governments concerned . Peacekeeping must be part of the solution , not a peace-enforcement operation that led the United Nations into confrontation with States concerned .
?	keep.v	87	Given the difference of views , delegations were unable to recommend the adoption by the General Assembly of a global moratorium on high seas bottom trawling , or the setting up of a group of experts or intergovernmental process to identify and address the gap in existing governance arrangements on the high seas . As regards the establishment of marine protected areas as a tool to protect fragile ecosystems , one delegation said that the establishment of marine protected areas on the high seas would be in keeping with the general obligation imposed by the Convention on all States to protect and preserve the marine environment ( article 192 ) , as well as the specific obligation to adopt measures necessary to protect and preserve rare or fragile ecosystems ( article 194 ( 5 ) ) . Others noted that States were obligated to cooperate under the provisions of the Convention on Biological Diversity in the conservation and sustainable use of biological diversity in areas beyond national jurisdiction ( article 5 ) .
?	keep.v	50	The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia supports the principle of equitable geographical representation within the Security Council in both the permanent and the non-permanent categories of membership . We must enhance and revitalize the Council so that it can fully carry out its responsibility for maintaining international peace and security in keeping with the mandate of the international community . In that way , the Security Council can prevent conflicts before they arise and settle crises before they worsen and cause civilian deaths and great material damage .
?	keep.v	72	Despite the best efforts of MINURSO , it seemed that the Moroccan Government wished nothing more than a continuation of the status quo , in the hope that eventually the refugees would grow tired and find ways either to emigrate to third countries or accept Moroccan authority . The people of Western Sahara were strong in their determination to exercise their rights and many believed that the United Nations had failed to keep its promises . The international community 's failure to resolve the current impasse could lead to even greater disaster .
?	keep.v	21	Also , exporters are bound to submit additional information which they deem to be relevant . Exporters are also obliged to keep records of exports made under an export licence for a period of three years following the date of export and to allow , if necessary , inspection of such records by any authorized public officer . In addition , exporters are bound to comply with any conditions or requirements that may be imposed in the granting of an export licence .
?	keep.v	45	Following extensive efforts to clarify the text of draft article 13 to resolve the concerns that had been raised with respect to it , the Commission took note that it had not been possible to agree on a revised text for the provision . In keeping with its earlier decision , the Commission agreed that draft article 13 should be deleted , taking note that that deletion did not in any way signal that the draft Convention intended to criticize or condemn the use of such types of contract of carriage . Draft article 14. Specific obligations
?	keep.v	61	If a person has more than four firearms , or the firearms include revolvers , pistols or automatic weapons , all the weapons are to be kept in an approved secure gun locker . If a weapon is lost or falls into wrong hands , this must be reported to the police. The police may also verify that weapons are being kept under secure conditions in private homes . In addition to the registered weapons , there are also unregistered firearms in private hands , mainly left over from the Second World War .
?	keep.v	97	I have the honour to refer to the scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of United Nations peacekeeping operations , where the Philippines was listed under Category H* in General Assembly resolutions 55/235 and 55/236 . In view of the significant increase in the peacekeeping budget over the last three years and the current economic situation which has made it difficult for the Philippines to meet its financial obligations to the United Nations , my Government requests that the Philippines be allowed to return to Category I of the peacekeeping scale of assessments in keeping with the fundamental principle of “ capacity to pay ” . I should be grateful if you would arrange to have my Government 's request duly reflected in your report on updating the composition of the peacekeeping scale levels on a triennial basis , to be submitted to the General Assembly at its sixty-first session .
?	keep.v	48	It therefore constitutes an agreement in and of itself and is also used to obligate funds . It is therefore important , in terms of follow-up work and the performance of the tender , that this document , which bears the express agreement of the supplier , be kept in the purchasing file . The Administration agreed with the Board 's recommendation that it ensure that the United Nations Office at Geneva reminds suppliers of the importance of signing the purchase order and of returning a copy of it to the purchasing service .
?	keep.v	43	In the area of international law , an important achievement is the classification under the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court ( ICC ) of certain acts of sexual violence as war crimes or crimes against humanity . This is fully in keeping with the contents of resolution 1325 ( 2000 ) . We also acknowledge that particular attention has been given to gender equality in setting up the ICC .
?	keep.v	74	My delegation aligns itself with the statement to be made by the representative of Thailand on behalf of the Association of South-East Asian Nations . My delegation concurs with the Secretary-General 's assessment that the reporting period marked an important stage in Timor-Leste 's return to normalcy following the events of 11 February 2008 , and congratulates the people and Government of Timor-Leste on their success in maintaining national security and stability and in keeping the peace process on track amid numerous difficulties . We commend the United Nations Integrated Mission in Timor-Leste ( UNMIT ) for the activities conducted within its mandate in helping to preserve peace , sustain stability and promote development in the country , especially those activities aimed at enhancing Timor-Leste 's institutional capacities by training staff , increasing citizen participation , and strengthening parliamentary oversight functions and security sector reform , as requested by the Government of Timor-Leste .
?	keep.v	55	Upon enquiry , the Committee was informed that the Mission still required office accommodation and its supplies base in Kinshasa , and that , in accordance with the terms of the status-of-mission agreement , the Government was unable to provide such accommodation to MONUC free of charge . The Committee requests that this matter be kept under review and that justification for continuing these arrangements at Kinshasa be included in the next budget estimates . The estimate for utilities is set at $ 4.6 million ( ibid. , annex I.C , para. 15 ) , a decrease of $ 7.8 million in comparison with the estimate of $ 12.4 million in document A/56/660 .
?	keep.v	22	The articles on State responsibility for internationally wrongful acts were ripe for embodiment in a convention . Such action would be in keeping with Article 13 of the Charter , which laid down that the General Assembly should “ encourage the progressive development of international law and its codification ” . The International Law Commission had produced a work of the utmost importance : the challenge facing the Sixth Committee was to arrive at a text reflecting rules on State responsibility which were acceptable to the international community as a whole without undermining or endangering the Commission 's achievements .
?	keep.v	23	The United Nations shall bill the agencies for their share of the core budget . The funds of the Staff College shall be kept in a separate account to be established by the Secretary-General in accordance with the Financial Regulations of the United Nations . The funds of the Staff College shall be administered solely for the purposes of the Staff College .
?	keep.v	9	These might take place in three stages . To keep to the schedule set by the Commission when it noted that an updated version of the draft principles would be submitted to it for consideration at its sixty-second session , the Sub-Commission should first pass judgement on the new version , discussing and amending it as necessary before adoption , and take a formal decision to transmit it to the Commission . It is also essential to encourage discussion of the draft principles in the updated version , either just before the Sub-Commission meets , so as to stimulate its work , or just afterwards .
?	keep.v	53	The then Minister for Foreign Affairs of Iraq , Naji Sabri , subsequently promised to arrange the second transfer of documents , should they be discovered . He noted that the Iraqi officials were searching for them through “ hundreds of files ” , and that there was no point for Iraq to keep such documents . On 20 January 2003 , the Coordinator visited UNIKOM headquarters in Umm Qasr , where he met with Tesfaye Tadesse and discussed with him the issue of the return of small items of Kuwaiti property , which UNIKOM was facilitating .
?	keep.v	27	Any suspicious activities are reported to the Financial Intelligence Unit of the Ministry of Finance and Public Credit ( SHCP ) . Financial institutions are required to keep records of the operations of their clients , who must be fully identified . Moreover , a system has been set up for reporting to the competent authority any transactions whose features differ from the usual behaviour of users of the financial system , are outside a client 's normal parameters with regard to a specific economic activity or exceed certain amounts in respect of monetary instruments .
?	keep.v	44	Strongly urges all Governments : ( a ) To cooperate with and assist the Special Rapporteur so that her mandate may be carried out effectively , including , where appropriate , by issuing invitations to the Special Rapporteur when she so requests , in keeping with the usual terms of reference for missions by special rapporteurs of the Commission on Human Rights ; Expresses its appreciation to those Governments that have invited the Special Rapporteur to visit their countries , asks them to examine carefully the recommendations made by the Special Rapporteur , invites them to report to the Special Rapporteur on the actions taken on those recommendations and requests other Governments , including those mentioned in the report of the Special Rapporteur , to cooperate in a similar way ;
?	keep.v	72	Having corresponded with the United States Department of Justice , which oversaw the work , the Panel believes that the company 's grounds for claiming copyright are questionable and ethically dubious . The Panel recommends that an electronic version of the work carried out by Liberian Law Reports Inc. , under contract with the United States Government be supplied to the Government of Liberia for the benefit of the nation , in keeping with policy of the United States Agency for International Development on copyright authorization . Issues surrounding further training within the judiciary are complex owing to the lack of educated personnel .
?	keep.v	63	We also acknowledge the key role played by the United Nations Mission in the Sudan ( UNMIS ) in support of the CPA , and we welcome the progress made in implementing the Agreement so far . At the same time , we share Mr. Pronk 's observation about the fragility of peace in the south of the Sudan and the necessity of keeping the implementation of the Comprehensive Peace Agreement on course . We are concerned about the widening confidence gap resulting from the lack of progress in the implementation of several aspects of the CPA , including power- and wealth-sharing commitments under the Agreement .
?	keep.v	50	With one of those mechanisms now in operation and the other presumably to be activated in no more than a year 's time , it is imperative to ensure that that potential is fully realized . For this to be done , the spirit of the two conventions must be kept alive . Both conventions were negotiated on a common principle .
?	keep.v	93	[ Among those recommendations were that the Secretary-General should be requested to provide information on the submission of such plans to the General Assembly through the Committee on Contributions and to submit an annual report to the Assembly through the Committee on Contributions on the status of Member States ' payment plans as at 31 December each year . ] The Assembly also requested the Committee on Contributions to elaborate further on the criteria regarding ad hoc adjustments of the rates of assessment for consideration and approval by the General Assembly , in keeping with rule 160 of the rules of procedure of the Assembly , so as to facilitate further its consideration of such adjustments ; and decided to consider further the question of the outstanding assessed contributions of the former Yugoslavia at its fifty-eighth session ( resolution 57/4 B ) . At its resumed fifty-seventh session , in April 2003 , the General Assembly requested the Committee on Contributions to make recommendations on measures with a positive impact to encourage Member States to pay their arrears , and to report thereon to the Assembly at its fifty-eighth session ( resolution 57/4 C ) .
?	keep.v	57	We also welcome the principles and mechanisms suggested for cooperation between the United Nations and regional organizational arrangements in the field of peacekeeping , as developed by the United Nations Department of Peacekeeping Operations . My delegation continues to see the need for further study of modalities of cooperation within the context of emerging inter-multilateralism and in keeping with the spirit of Chapter VIII of the United Nations Charter . Such further study could be carried out , inter alia , on the basis of referral by the Security Council and through subcontracting and partnership .
?	keep.v	72	In the political declaration , 8 Governments agreed “ to assess regularly further implementation of the Beijing Platform for Action with a view to bringing together all parties involved in 2005 to assess progress and consider new initiatives , as appropriate , 10 years after the adoption of the Beijing Platform for Action and twenty years after the adoption of the Nairobi Forward-looking Strategies for the Advancement of Women ” . In keeping with the political declaration , the Commission on the Status of Women , in its multi-year programme of work for 2002 to 2006 , identified as its two thematic issues for 2005 : “ Review of the implementation of the Beijing Platform for Action and the outcome documents of the special session of the General Assembly entitled `Women 2000 : gender equality , development and peace for the twenty-first century' ” ; and “ Current challenges and forward-looking strategies for the advancement and empowerment of women and girls ” .9 In 2003 , the General Assembly stressed that reviews and appraisals of the major United Nations conferences and summits should assess the progress made in the implementation of commitments and provide the occasion to reaffirm the goals and objectives agreed upon at those conferences and summits , share best practices and lessons learned and identify obstacles and constraints encountered , actions and initiatives to overcome them and important measures for the further implementation of their programmes of action , as well as new challenges and emerging issues.10
?	keep.v	87	A brief word about the types of IAEA safeguards : IAEA safeguards are applied under different types of agreements and arrangements , and the scope , objectives , measures , technology , evaluations and reporting employed vary . Following the conclusion of the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons ( NPT ) in 1968 , IAEA has become the instrument with which to verify that the “ peaceful use ” commitments made under the NPT , or similar agreements , such as nuclear-weapon-free-zone treaties , are kept through the implementation of safeguards . At present , 183 non-nuclear-weapon States parties to the NPT have undertaken treaty commitments that include a commitment not to manufacture or otherwise acquire nuclear weapons or other nuclear explosive devices .
?	keep.v	48	When the Pre-Trial Chamber issues a summons to appear pursuant to article 58 , paragraph 7 , and intends to set conditions restricting liberty , it shall ascertain the relevant provisions of the national law of the State receiving the summons . In a manner that is in keeping with the national law of the State receiving the summons , the Pre-Trial Chamber shall proceed in accordance with sub-rules 1 , 2 and 3 . If the Pre-Trial Chamber receives information that the person concerned has failed to comply with conditions imposed , it shall proceed in accordance with sub-rule 4 .
?	keep.v	49	It is time for specific measures to be taken so we may have a comprehensive debate based on the positions of the various regional groups . For our part , Côte d'Ivoire is convinced that two permanent seats and three non-permanent seats for the African continent would be in keeping with the times . Côte d'Ivoire is ready to make a contribution to any resolution or decision which would help modernize the Security Council .
?	keep.v	37	The Special Committee 's further deliberations concerning sanctions regimes must pay due heed to those developments because it was essential that listing and de-listing procedures were fair and clear . There was no longer any need to keep the topic on the Special Committee 's agenda , in view of the fact that , for several years , no Member States had requested assistance on account of particular economic difficulties caused by the application of Security Council sanctions to another State , because carefully targeted sanctions were having minimal effects on the civilian population and third States . The Secretariat 's endeavours to reduce the backlog in the preparation of the Repertory of Practice of United Nations Organs and the Repertoire of the Practice of the Security Council were likewise commendable because both publications were important for all the reasons set out in paragraph 47 of the Special Committee 's report .
?	keep.v	114	In this process , the General Assembly must reassume the broad powers and attributes granted it by the Charter — including those that might come into play as a result of any paralysis in the Security Council — so as to reject the use of force to achieve hegemonic political objectives , and so as to insist that only the peaceful settlement of disputes can lead to security , stability , justice and democracy in the world . We must ensure that the General Assembly carries out its central functions as the main deliberative , policy-making and representative organ of the United Nations in an effective , dynamic and action-oriented manner that is in keeping with current international priorities and contingencies and in accordance with the Charter . General Assembly resolutions are not binding — nor does the General Assembly have the means to enforce them .
?	keep.v	57	In two months she became a fat highly social baby , with a fuzz of flaxen hair all over her head . She stopped flying into rages and started digesting her food ; she developed a peaches and cream complexion and a sunny disposition , and she asked for nothing more of life than that she be kept dry and comfortable and fed huge amounts of food at stated intervals and be carried to where she could watch activity going on around her . She was so heavy that Maggie 's arms shook from lifting her and taking care of her .
?	keep.v	30	The Special Committee 's work was of significance in matters related to the maintenance of international peace and security . It would therefore be advisable for the Special Committee to keep such questions on its agenda , including the recommendation from Belarus and the Russian Federation that the International Court of Justice should be requested to give an advisory opinion as to the legal consequences of the resort to the use of force by States without prior authorization by the Security Council , except in the exercise of the right to self-defence . The Secretariat 's efforts to prepare the Repertory of Practice of United Nations Organs and the Repertoire of the Practice of the Security Council were laudable , since those publications were a mine of practical information and of great use for research into the history of the Organization 's practice .
?	keep.v	48	At a later stage , following due reflection on current practice and on developments in customary international law , the topic could be taken up again . At the Council of Europe , the Committee of Legal Advisers on Public International Law ( CAHDI ) had decided to keep the question of jurisdictional immunities of States and their property on its agenda , and Hungary was actively promoting the preparation of a document setting out the law and practice of States in that field . It was also planning a comprehensive report on the subject .
?	keep.v	37	At its 436th meeting , on 27 August 2001 , the Committee on Conferences considered an oral report by the Chairman on consultations with bodies concerning the utilization of the conference services available to them . In keeping with section II , paragraph 1 , of General Assembly resolution 55/222 , the Chairman of the Committee reported that he had sent letters to 13 intergovernmental bodies that had been identified as having utilized less than the applicable benchmark figure of their allocated resources for the past three sessions , and had held consultations with them . A main factor in a low utilization rate was the time lost due to late starting and/or early ending of meetings .
?	keep.v	88	5.5 Lastly , the author refers to article 15 , paragraph 1 , of the Covenant and states once again that he should have been tried in accordance with the law in force at the time when the offence was committed , whereas , in fact , the offences for which he was tried were not defined by the law in force when they were committed . The Vilnius District Court , which heard the case , took the view that the definition of the offence was in keeping with article 104 of the Criminal Code ( premeditated murder ) , without taking account of the fact that article 111 , paragraph 2 , providing for the offence of grievous bodily harm resulting in death , existed at the time . The author also maintains that the penalty applicable for that type of offence was heavier than the penalty applicable at the time the offence was committed .
?	keep.v	41	The ruling to deny the discussion on agenda items 41 and 155 in the General Committee is anything but fair and just . Indeed , the inclusion of agenda item 41 with respect to international peace and security would be in keeping with the spirit of the Charter of the United Nations , particularly since its very subject matter is associated with recognizing Taiwan as a sovereign State and a part of the United Nations . Mr. Elbakly ( Egypt ) ( spoke in Arabic ) : My delegation subscribes to the statement made by the representative of China and reaffirms General Assembly resolution 2758 ( XXVI ) .
?	keep.v	57	Draft guidelines A number of delegations expressed concern about draft guideline 2.1.8 ( “ Procedure in case of manifestly impermissible reservations ” ) , since it allowed the depositary to judge or express a view on the impermissibility of a reservation ; while the depositary should remain neutral and impartial in the exercise of his functions in keeping with the provision of article 77 of the 1969 Vienna Convention . With regard to draft guideline 2.4.10 ( “ Limitation and widening of the scope of a conditional interpretative declaration ” ) , there was no difficulty as far as the limitation aspect was concerned , since the scope of such a declaration could obviously be modified only after agreement had been reached on the binding nature of the treaty .
?	keep.v	36	The Office is currently handling over 700 disciplinary inquiries relating to such cases . In February 2008 , the Ministry of National Defence adopted a comprehensive human rights and international humanitarian law policy , formulated in keeping with the recommendations of OHCHR , to govern the police and army . This policy is the route map guiding the behaviour of the police and army during operations , and covers five areas of activity : instruction , supervisory machinery , protection of police and army personnel , treatment of vulnerable population groups , and cooperation with other institutions .
?	keep.v	20	Local authorities are likely to be a more efficient approach to reflect local needs . Working with them is in keeping with Afghan traditions . The Afghan tragedy has had a formidable impact on neighbouring countries .
?	keep.v	87	The United States believes that concluding an FMCT is a desirable and achievable goal for the CD , which is why we tabled a draft text of such a treaty in this body last year , and we urge others to use this as a basis for finally beginning substantive work toward a goal we all share . There is a bit of American folk wisdom that applies to our situation in the CD : “ If you keep doing what have always done , you will keep getting the results you have always gotten ” . I do not believe many of our governments are willing to continue getting the results they have been getting from the CD .
?	keep.v	45	The Committee is also concerned at the lack of provisions on legal aid for disadvantaged persons . Moreover , the Committee is concerned at the length of police custody , which can last as long as 14 days , a period that is not in keeping with the generally accepted international norms on the subject . Finally , the Committee is deeply concerned at reports that there have been several hundred cases of illegal detention owing to the fact that persons were held in police custody longer than the period authorized by law ( arts. 2 and 11 ) .
?	keep.v	41	Calls for the commencement of preparatory work for the elaboration of a convention on devising ways and means to prevent and address the illegal transfer of funds and the repatriation of these funds to their countries of origin ; Decides to keep this matter under review , and in this regard requests the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-sixth session an analytical report containing concrete recommendations with regard to repatriating illegally transferred funds to their countries of origin and to report on the progress of the implementation of the present resolution . * On behalf of the States Members of the United Nations that are members of the Group of 77 and China .
?	keep.v	30	On the other hand , only two weeks can be taken before childbirth , as against four weeks previously . The canton of Thurgovia decided , in June , to keep its provisions , namely 16 weeks paid at 100 % but limiting the allowance to 172 Swiss francs per day at most , as per the federal standard . In the private sector , additional benefits offered by employers have generally been maintained .
?	keep.v	55	Her delegation attached great importance to oversight activities which , in particular , related to peacekeeping operations , humanitarian and related activities and development initiatives in Africa and elsewhere in the developing world . The findings pointing towards instances of sexual abuse and exploitation , poor cash management , unreliable accounting practices , inadequate record keeping of mission equipment , alleged fraudulent activities and non-compliance with procurement guidelines were therefore a matter of great concern and remedial action needed to be taken to ensure the effective functioning of the Organization in the field . Her delegation also viewed as essential the effective functioning of the Economic Commission for Africa and the United Nations Office at Nairobi and was confident that the implementation of the OIOS recommendations would reinforce the positive roles to be played by the Commission and the Nairobi Office in advancing the development agenda in Africa .
?	keep.v	42	In this same municipality , FARC detained and , in some cases , executed people accused of violating the guerrilla group 's monopoly over the buying and selling of coca leaf . Several such persons were incarcerated in the municipal jail and kept under surveillance by the Civic Police in the demilitarized zone . At the same time , the paramilitary groups stepped up their pressure on the areas surrounding the demilitarized zone .
?	keep.v	45	In deciding to draft this Summary in a format which was separated out from the actual recommendations in the report itself , and in a way that was re-usable , the Panel was motivated by a number of matters . One was the desire to keep the substantive element of its reports to a manageable length . As the number of reports generated by the various panels increases , there seems to be a good deal to be said for what might be called economies of scale .
?	keep.v	41	Those that favoured keeping the provision considered that it was in need of further study and clarification ( as the discussion had indicated ) . As an indication that the Working Group was not in a position to decide whether to keep the draft provision and an indication that further consideration of its substance and drafting was necessary , the Working Group decided to place the draft article between square brackets . Draft article 7 ( Obligations of the shipper )
?	keep.v	16	It will entail hardship if we keep exacerbating disagreement . It will entail stagnation if we keep failing to make room for compromise . It will entail human suffering if Governments keep turning their backs on chances of partnership .
?	keep.v	25	Age of Marriage Under the Marriage Act the minimum age for marriage was earlier 18 for males and 16 for females respectively , but in keeping with the requirement of the various international conventions particularly the Convention on the on the Rights of the Child ( CRC ) and CEDAW , the 1996 Amendment to the Marriage Act has made the legal marriageable age 18 for both sexes . The Marriage Act prohibits marriages of minors and whoever performs such marriages is liable to fines under the Act .
?	keep.v	53	The Advisory Committee notes the Secretariat 's response , in paragraph 108 of the report , indicating that negotiations had been completed in September and October 2008 with a cost reduction of $ 16 million . The Advisory Committee notes the Board 's observation that the award of the contract was not in keeping with the principles of transparency , that the sole-source approach presented a risk of high prices owing to a lack of competition and that the terms of the contract were not in the best financial interest of the Organization . Accordingly , the Committee urges the Secretary-General to implement , as a matter of priority , the Board 's recommendations that a procurement strategy be developed as early as possible , especially for the start-up of new missions ; that adequate market surveys be conducted before the sole-source approach is sought in order to ensure the transparency of the procurement process ; and that the potential changes in contract value be taken into account when establishing fixed price management .
?	keep.v	41	The Committee has noted with concern that the emoluments for its members provided for in article 35 of the Covenant have been reduced by General Assembly resolution 56/272 to the symbolic amount of US $ 1 . It has decided to keep the matter under review . Publicity for the work of the Committee
?	keep.v	39	Sixty Liberian ex-child soldiers are undergoing an accelerated reintegration programme in refugee camps . President Kabbah has appealed for urgent donor support to sustain and expand the Mapeh internment facility , which is critical to enabling the Government to keep its borders open for refugees while ensuring State security and preserving the civilian character of asylum . UNHCR has moved to a “ promoted ” phase of repatriating Sierra Leonean refugees from the subregion .
?	keep.v	15	The PRESIDENT : What I did was reissuing for practical reasons . If we had kept the wording of the document as it is , it would have been total nonsense , and so it is not an amended text but a reissuing for practical reasons . The meeting is closed .
?	keep.v	33	Those efforts contribute directly or indirectly to peace and cooperation among the countries of the region . ILO 's efforts do contribute either to conflict prevention or to consolidation of peace , in keeping with the original mandate of the Organization , which was created in 1919 to promote peace through social justice . Promotion of basic labour rights
?	keep.v	65	It states that “ all women and men , irrespective of their HIV status , have the right to determine the course of their reproductive life and health , and to have access to information and services that allow them to protect their own and their family's health ” . Where the welfare of children is concerned , decisions should be made that are in keeping with children 's best interests . Further , a national policy that will govern HIV/AIDS in the workplace is currently being developed .
?	keep.v	48	After expiration of the term , the Ombudsman is ineligible for any other appointment in the United Nations . The Ombudsman , as a designated neutral , has the responsibility of maintaining strict confidentiality concerning matters that are brought to his or her attention. The Ombudsman does not keep records for the United Nations or any other party and does not disclose information about individual cases or visits from staff members . The Ombudsman can not be compelled by any United Nations official to testify about concerns brought to his or her attention .
?	keep.v	34	That compliance stemmed from his country 's absolute respect for international law , the sovereignty of States and State regulations . His delegation hoped that the host country would proceed in a manner in keeping with its position as host , providing all requisite facilities to enable the missions accredited to the United Nations to perform their duties . Mr. Tarasenko ( Russian Federation ) said that the most important topic on the agenda of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country had once again been that of the parking of diplomatic vehicles .
?	keep.v	67	However , when he interviewed them several days later , the prisoners told him that they had been registered , and that would seem to imply that the police detention facility kept at least two registers , a practice that is entirely incompatible with international standards . DEMIAP officials did not want to show the Special Rapporteur the prison register or tell him how many prisoners were kept there ( the figure 220 was cited , but , during the morning , 55 were released “ because Garretón was coming ” ( sic ) ) and he was denied access to the Memling , Inter and Ouagadougou blocks . In the Circo , ordinary prisoners , the only ones to whom the Special Rapporteur was given access , said that they did not receive food or visitors .
?	keep.v	71	At the same time the Committee , with the active support of the Secretary-General and the cooperation of Member States and non-governmental organizations , is striving to make the international community , in particular the co-sponsors of the peace process and the Security Council , sensitive to the indispensable need to put an end to the violence and bring the parties to the conflict back to the conference table . In keeping with the American momentum for peace , initiated by President George Bush and outlined in Louisville by Secretary of State Colin Powell , our Committee is calling upon all people of good will to help the belligerents to rise above the vicious cycle of confrontation in order to give greater chances for success in resuming the peace process . We must point out with gratitude that the President of the Palestinian Authority has taken meaningful steps by re-stating his firm commitment to a just and comprehensive peace , the peace of the brave .
?	keep.v	53	What it calls for above all things is patience. ” That certainly has been my experience in Geneva . Patience , a readiness to listen to the other person 's point of view - even , or especially if you think that you have heard it all before - and a willingness to keep talking , long after bedtime if need be : these seem to me to be the essential ingredients of such success as we have been able to register . And , finally , Geneva has amply confirmed to me the wisdom of a distinguished French Ambassador , de Callières , who wrote one of the first treatises on diplomacy in the eighteenth century .
?	keep.v	46	Noting that contemporary forms of victimization , while essentially directed against persons , may nevertheless also be directed against groups of persons who are targeted collectively , Recognizing that , in honouring the victims ' right to benefit from remedies and reparation , the international community keeps faith with the plight of victims , survivors and future human generations and reaffirms the international legal principles of accountability , justice and the rule of law , Convinced that , in adopting a victim-oriented perspective , the international community affirms its human solidarity with victims of violations of international law , including violations of international human rights law and international humanitarian law , as well as with humanity at large , in accordance with the following Basic Principles and Guidelines ,
?	keep.v	38	What implications does that have for international peace and security , or for the immediate and future prospects for each of those themes ? Following on from that , sections I through IV of part I could be kept , since they constitute a useful quick reference document , while the rest of the first part — those paragraphs that refer to meetings of the Council — could be subsumed into the second part , which would be developed in the way that I suggested earlier , on the basis of thematic , geographic criteria , rather than under the heading of “ Meetings ” . We believe that such a formula would be much more beneficial in making evaluations , providing information and presenting results .
?	keep.v	78	The mandate The General Assembly , in its resolutions 52/100 of 12 December 1997 and 52/231 , of 4 June 1998 , decided to convene a special session to review and assess the progress achieved in implementing the Nairobi Forward-looking Strategies for the Advancement of Women , 1 and the Beijing Declaration2 and Platform for Action.3 The review and appraisal of progress was initiated at the forty-third session of the Commission on the Status of Women , in keeping with the Commission 's multi-year work programme established in Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/6 of 22 July 1996 . In that resolution , the Council also requested a report on the implementation of the Platform for Action , on the basis of national reports , taking into account the Nairobi Forward-looking Strategies for the Advancement of Women .
?	keep.v	130	United Nations Television estimates that an audience of 2 billion people sees its programming , including hundreds of hours of coverage supplied to the world 's broadcasters through daily feeds covering meetings of the General Assembly , the Security Council and other events and conferences . Through an expanding network of partnerships with major broadcasters , United Nations Television 's productions of “ World Chronicle ” ( a weekly talk show ) , “ UN in Action ” ( a series of features on the work of the United Nations system ) and the annual “ Year in Review ” have enjoyed larger audiences than ever before , as have its latest productions : “ The United Nations : Working for Us All ” and “ The Security Council : Keeping the Peace ” . Over the past year , the Department of Public Information has also co-produced a series of public service announcements in connection with the observance of 13 international days .
?	keep.v	21	The candles were lighted , and we sat on split bamboo mats among the village notables . I was careful to keep my feet , the seat of the least worthy spirits , from pointing at anyone 's head , where the worthiest spirits reside . Now a distinguished old man called on nine divinities to come and join us .
?	keep.v	41	On the security front , most parties and civil society groups insist that disarmament must precede the elections . For their part , the Forces nouvelles maintain that they would canton their combatants and place their weapons in storage , in keeping with the provisions of the third supplementary agreement , once the civic service and reintegration programmes are in place . However , the civic service programme is still only a concept and donors insist that they would fund reintegration programmes only if they were involved in designing and implementing them ( see para. 20 above ) .
?	keep.v	28	In addition , the Meeting took note of the President-designate 's intentions regarding how to best operationalize the agenda and programme . The Meeting recommended that , in keeping with the practice that has served the States Parties well at their annual meetings , the Co-Chairs of the four Standing Committees should serve as vice-presidents for the Review Conference , namely : Australia , Cambodia , Croatia , Guatemala , Italy , Japan , Mexico and the Netherlands . In addition , given that the Review Conference takes place in Africa and that the current complement of co-chairs does not include an African State Party , it was recommended that one additional vice-president be nominated at the Review Conference .
?	keep.v	61	Many observers of the national situation criticize the absence of discipline and of respect for the chain of command ; local State employees , acting unilaterally and without instructions , assume responsibilities and compound the lack of State control . The supervisory authorities should take charge , act firmly and tightly control the functioning of the chain of command , in keeping with the rule of law . Freedom of expression , opinion , assembly and peaceful demonstration
?	keep.v	52	( 10 ) For example , when Finland acceded to the 1993 Protocol on Road Markings , additional to the European Agreement supplementing the Convention on Road Signs and Signals of 1968 , on 1 April 1985 , it formulated a reservation to a technical provision of the instrument . “ In keeping with the practice followed in similar cases , the Secretary-General proposed to receive the modification in question for deposit in the absence of any objection on the part of any of the Contracting States , either to the deposit itself or to the procedure envisaged . None of the Contracting Parties to the Protocol having notified the Secretary-General of an objection within a period of 90 days from the date of its circulation ( on 20 December 1995 ) , the said modification was accepted for deposit upon the expiration of the above-stipulated 90-day period , that is , on 19 March 1996. ”
?	keep.v	91	As the Assembly is aware , Belgium is a member of a group of 10 countries called the G-10 , which has put forward realistic operational proposals in order to improve the Council 's legitimacy , as well as its representative character . Without entering into the details of the well-known positions of the G-10 , I would like to recall that , in regard to cluster I , we wish to see an increase in both permanent and non-permanent members of the Security Council , and this should be in keeping with equitable geographical distribution . Regarding the right of veto , we advocate a voluntary and partial limitation to its exercise .
?	keep.v	20	Early recognition of the root causes is likewise important , and the Security Council must emphasize this as well . Keeping within the provisions of Chapter VIII of the Charter and without undermining the importance of the regional and subregional bodies that have played an important role and have much in common with the countries directly involved , the African Union has shown itself to be a prime example of regional involvement in its dealing with the situation in Darfur . The imperative of resolving conflicts means that the United Nations has a leading role to play here .
?	keep.v	57	In the high variant , fertility is assumed to remain largely between 0.4 or 0.5 children above the fertility levels assumed in the medium variant ; and in the low variant , fertility is assumed to remain 0.4 to 0.5 children below the fertility assumed in the medium variant . A constant-fertility variant , where fertility is kept constant at the level estimated for 1995-2000 , is calculated for comparison purposes . Similarly , a zero-migration scenario , which incorporates the same fertility and mortality assumptions as the medium variant but whose international migration is set at zero as of 2000 , is also available for comparison purposes .
?	keep.v	34	The Fund 's three priority areas — strengthening women 's economic rights , engendering governance and leadership , and promoting women 's human rights — are all essential strategies in this effort . In keeping with its mandate to be catalytic , innovative and to support inter-agency mechanisms for mainstreaming gender , the UNIFEM programme for action on gender and HIV/AIDS includes work on advocacy , brokering partnerships and capacity-building . UNIFEM views women 's empowerment and gender equality as essential entry points for work on stemming the HIV/AIDS epidemic .
?	keep.v	8	Number of networking Empretecos . All country programmes keep a listing of participants in their training activities and in particular in EDP . In most of the cases that were investigated in the field , it appears that these listings are not regularly updated .
?	keep.v	58	From the start of negotiations , MERCOSUR and associated countries interpreted the United Nations Programme of Action as a road map that recommended certain measures and provisions for adoption at the , national , regional and global levels . That instrument , in its section IV , reflects the consensus achieved in 2001 as to the need to keep moving forward with regard to the adoption of instruments to deal with specific subjects that may contribute to the Programme 's implementation , including marking , tracing and illicit brokering . Our countries ' view was that we must take advantage of the political momentum offered by the establishment of the first Open-ended Working Group mandated to negotiate a new agreement on the basis of the Programme of Action , while at the same time expressing a strong and clear-cut commitment on the part of the international community to adopting tough instruments against the proliferation of and illicit trafficking in small arms and light weapons .
?	keep.v	36	Those concerns include the cost of additives , possible reductions in the utility or cost-effectiveness of the altered fertilizers for some applications and environmental considerations . Most of the States that required licences or authorizations also kept at least some related records in each category , although 20 to 25 per cent of them did not . The major functions of licensing and record-keeping are usually : the enforcement or administration of user screening to deny access to individuals who are not qualified to use explosives safely , or who represent an unacceptable risk of criminal misuse ; and the creation of records that serve as evidence in the case of wrongdoing , thereby establishing a deterrent .
?	keep.v	11	I 've worked this ward for three months now . We keep getting the same ones back again and again . They all mean well , have great promises to make when they are about to go home , but drinking is their sickness .
?	keep.v	54	We also express the hope that sisterly Iraq will complete its political process and strengthen its constitutional institutions in accordance with the aspirations of the Iraqi people , within a context of security , stability and national unity . Tunisia welcomes the important steps taken by the Sudanese Government towards national reconciliation , in keeping with the aspirations of the Sudanese people to the consolidation of security and stability in that country . Tunisia is sparing no effort , along with the other sisterly Arab countries , in laying the foundations for a new phase of joint Arab action , promoting cooperation in all the political , economic and cultural fields , and reinforcing the process of development and modernization , in line with the proposals made and decisions taken by the Arab Summit in May 2004 , which Tunisia had the honour to host .
?	keep.v	27	The government policy on rural women in Guatemala is a package of guidelines and actions aimed at facilitating the integration of women in agricultural activities . In keeping with the national agricultural policy , it is grounded in the principles of subsidiarity , equity , decentralization , institutional flexibility , solidarity and institutional sustainability . The aim of the Guatemalan policy on the participation of rural women 2000-2004 is to lay the groundwork for integrating rural women in productive life with a view to ensuring that their gender does not become a barrier to their economic , social and intellectual development .
?	keep.v	30	Too often , strategies for peace and development ignore this reality with disastrous results . Not enough consultation and coordination are undertaken to ensure that programmes and projects are in keeping with nationally defined priorities and local circumstances . It is necessary , if failure is to be avoided , for there to be greater dialogue and cooperation in the planning process for development .
?	keep.v	55	Welcomes , in this regard , the accession by New Caledonia to the status of observer in the Pacific Islands Forum , continuing high-level visits to New Caledonia by delegations from countries of the Pacific region and high-level visits by delegations from New Caledonia to countries members of the Pacific Islands Forum ; Decides to keep under continuous review the process unfolding in New Caledonia as a result of the signing of the Nouméa Accord ; Requests the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples to continue to examine the question of the Non-Self-Governing Territory of New Caledonia and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session .
?	keep.v	33	The Court granted the peremptory writ of prohibition . It however allowed the National Transitional Government of Liberia to proceed with whatever action it wished to pursue as long as it was in keeping with the due process of law as enshrined in the Constitution and statutes of Liberia . The Panel met the Minister of Justice on 23 September to learn of the further action he proposed to take to implement the resolution : he would immediately file two petitions in the lower court , one for the same two individuals and one for all the other individuals identified by the Security Council .
?	keep.v	37	He stared at the report in Killpath 's hand , sure it was written by Accacia - just as sure as if he 'd submitted it in his scrawled longhand . He sucked in his breath and kept quiet while Killpath laid down the sheet again , wound the gold wire stems of his glasses around his ears and then , eying the report as it lay before him on the desk , intoned , `` Acting Lieutenant Gunnar Matson one failed to see that the station keeper was properly relieved two absented himself throughout the entire watch without checking on the station 's activities or the whereabouts of his section sergeants three permitted members of the Homicide Detail of the Inspector's Bureau to arrogate for their own convenience a patrolman who was thereby prevented from carrying on his proper assignment four failed to notify the station commander Acting Captain O. T. Killpath of a homicide occurring in the district five frequented extralegal establishments known as after-hours spots for purposes of an unofficial and purportedly social nature and six '' - he leaned back and peeled off his glasses `` - failed to co-operate with the Acting Captain by returning promptly when so ordered . What have you to say to that , Sergeant '' ?
?	keep.v	45	In keeping with Action # 38 of the Nairobi Action Plan , at least 11 experts with a disability participated in the June 2008 meetings of the Standing Committees , including one who was a member of the delegation of a State Party . In keeping with Action # 39 of the Nairobi Action Plan , 14 of the 26 relevant States Parties included health , rehabilitation , social services or disability professionals in their delegations to the June 2008 meetings of the Standing Committees . In order to make the best possible use of the time dedicated by such experts in the work of the Convention , the Co-Chairs of the Standing Committee on Victim Assistance and Socio-Economic Reintegration organised for these professionals a programme parallel to meetings of the Standing Committees .
?	keep.v	58	- Article 135. During the three months preceding childbirth women may not engage in any work requiring considerable physical effort . If during the maternity rest period they become unable to return to work as a consequence of the pregnancy or the birth , they are entitled to leave for all the time necessary for their recovery while keeping their jobs and the rights acquired under the employment contract . - Article 154. Domestic workers , by agreement with the employer , may work on public holidays designated by law , but with the following rest periods :
?	keep.v	55	Welcomes , in this regard , the accession by New Caledonia to the status of observer in the Pacific Islands Forum , continuing high-level visits to New Caledonia by delegations from countries of the Pacific region and high-level visits by delegations from New Caledonia to countries members of the Pacific Islands Forum ; Decides to keep under continuous review the process unfolding in New Caledonia as a result of the signing of the Nouméa Accord ; Requests the Special Committee to continue the examination of the question of the Non-Self-Governing Territory of New Caledonia and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session .
?	keep.v	66	The SPT recommends that individual files should be opened for every detainee upon arrival at police detention centres and be updated systematically and comprehensively after every medical examination or intervention and that clear instructions are established for the doctors on how to document and to report possible cases of torture or ill-treatment . The delegation was concerned about the fact that medical confidentiality as to record keeping appeared to be virtually absent in medical clinics , where such existed . The members of the delegation observed that police officers had access to medical files .
?	keep.v	33	They expressed their support for efforts to be continued within the UN to explore further the issue of missiles in all its aspects . In this regard , they emphasised the need to keep the issue under the agenda of the UN General Assembly and that in accordance with its Resolution 59/67 a Panel of Governmental Experts on the issue of missiles in all its aspects would be established in 2007 . Pending the achievement of such a universal mechanism related to delivery systems for weapons of mass destruction , any initiative to address these concerns effectively and in a sustainable and comprehensive manner should be through an inclusive process of negotiations in a forum where all States could participate as equals .
?	keep.v	37	I was gratified to hear the passionate calls for solidarity with our African brothers and sisters . And the new level of concern and support for the Millennium Development Goals reflects a deep and genuine commitment to keep our promises to those for whom prosperity remains an impossible dream . I would like here to commend His Excellency Mr. Ban Ki-moon , the Secretary-General , for his dedication and for his tireless efforts to make those events a real success .
?	keep.v	10	What persuaded the cow-man to remain on Shayol ? What kept him happy without super-condamine ? Was B ' dikkat a crazy slave to his own duty or was he a man who had hopes of going back to his own planet some day , surrounded by a family of little cow-people resembling himself ?
?	keep.v	5	Brazil It is fundamental to keep the language in draft article 3 that reaffirms the sovereignty of the State over the aquifers located in its territory . Notwithstanding , the last part of the draft article should be modified in order to affirm that sovereignty shall be exercised in conformity with international law and not “ in accordance with the present draft articles ” .
?	keep.v	19	Requests the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly on this matter at its fifty-eighth session ; Decides to keep the matter under review and to include in the provisional agenda of its fifty-eighth session a sub-item entitled “ Preventing and combating corrupt practices and transfer of funds of illicit origin and returning such assets to the countries of origin ” under the item entitled “ Sectoral policy questions ” . The Second Committee also recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft decision :
?	keep.v	22	Goma and Nairobi processes ( a ) The Security Council , while continuing to prepare for a future gradual drawdown , should keep MONUC capabilities under review to ensure that they support the Mission with the necessary force enablers , tactical intelligence capability , and , where feasible and appropriate , standby special forces capacity to assist the Democratic Republic of the Congo with the implementation of the Goma and Nairobi processes and to address the challenges posed by other foreign armed groups ; ( b ) The Mixed Technical Commission on Peace and Security should make rapid progress on reaching an agreement on the modalities and timelines for their disengagement and brassage ; the Congolese armed groups must fully cooperate to this effect ;
?	keep.v	47	He also noted the significant decline in the economic impact of the military and noted that , even while the attainment of self-government was the long-term goal , the daily impact of the relationship also had to be examined . The Government urged the Special Committee to keep the playing field level in the decolonization process and for its support in amendments to the language in the recent resolutions on Guam . The representative of Montserrat stated that , after 40 years Montserrat remained a colony with little or no input from the administering Power in relationship to the establishment of a viable social , political and economic environment that would allow Montserratians to become a self-determined people .
?	keep.v	44	The Centre of Strategic Investigation and Reforms made an investigation of the household budget . According to these data , less than 10 per cent of the population in 1998 ( categories of citizens with high income were included ) had the possibility of keeping the same standard of living as in 1990. About 10 per cent of the population consume less than 1 , 500 calories which , according to the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations , is at the limit of what constitutes malnutrition .
?	keep.v	43	It is also regrettable that the facilities and equipment of the United Nations were used to serve such a counterproductive purpose . The member States of the Organization of the Islamic Conference , like other States Members of the United Nations , in keeping with their obligations under the universally accepted instruments on human rights , have all committed themselves to opposing any form of arbitrary or extrajudicial killing of any human being , particularly women , in the name of passion , honour or race . Conference member States have always been in the forefront of condemning the killing of persons , especially women and girls , on any pretext , and have unreservedly raised their voices in world conferences and in other relevant bodies of the United Nations system , condemning and opposing all forms of violence against women .
?	keep.v	24	Right to adequate food The reduction of factors that adversely affect the health of the Uzbek population is a national priority and is in keeping with the objectives of the national food security programme pursuant to the strategy paper on the national security of Uzbekistan , which was approved by the Oliy Majlis on 29 August 1997 . The food security strategy paper is posited on the need to achieve and maintain food autonomy and defines the priorities for developing the real economy insofar as this affects the development of the nation 's agro-industrial complex and its processing sectors and current and future social policy .
?	keep.v	49	The report adds that the observed increase continues to take the form of emergency aid , debt relief and technical assistance . The Secretary-General 's report acknowledges that the substantial progress over the last twelve months in debt relief makes this an area in which the G8 countries have kept their commitments . We would emphasize here that the multilateral debt relief initiative of donor countries should include a commitment to provide additional resources to the international financial institutions to ensure that debt forgiveness does not erode their financial capacity .
?	keep.v	78	Continuation of the illegal occupation of the Palestinian territory in contravention of numerous resolutions adopted by the United Nations , including those of the Security Council , and the conduct of the occupation forces within the occupied Palestinian territory are the primary reasons for the persistence of the Middle East conflict , which has been raging for so many years . The Palestinian people have lived far too long under foreign occupation and under conditions that are in keeping neither with the norms of international humanitarian law nor with the Fourth Geneva Convention relative to the Protection of Civilian Persons in Time of War , which applies to the occupied Palestinian territory . The rejection of violence by all parties concerned , Israel 's withdrawal from the occupied Palestinian and other territories , recognition of the inalienable rights of the Palestinian people , including their right to have a sovereign and independent State , and respect for the right of all States in the region to live in peace and security are some of the essential ingredients for lasting peace in the Middle East .
?	keep.v	39	Publication of information on forthcoming procurement opportunities As regards proposed provisions on the publication of information on forthcoming procurement opportunities , contained in paragraph 37 of the working paper , the Working Group agreed : ( i ) to keep the word “ promptly ” without square brackets ; and ( ii ) to split the provisions in two sentences . The understanding was that the Secretariat should propose wording for the second sentence that would provide that publication of information on forthcoming procurement opportunities did not oblige the procuring entity to solicit tenders , proposals , offers , quotations or bids in relation to the publicised procurement opportunities .
?	keep.v	65	The delegation of Chile also notes the intention of the Tribunal Prosecutor to focus its efforts on those persons who formerly held leadership positions and who , according to the Prosecutor , bear the greatest responsibility for the crimes committed in 1994 . The preceding will make it possible to conclude the investigations by the end of this year , at the latest , in keeping with the provisions of resolution 1534 ( 2004 ) . Chile wishes to reiterate its support for the completion strategies of the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia and the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda , endorsed by the Council , to conclude investigations by the end of this year , to conclude judgements by the end of 2008 and to conclude its entire workload by 2010 .
?	keep.v	28	( c ) Approves the transfer of five additional buildings pledged by the Government of Italy to the United Nations Logistics Base ; ( d ) Decides to keep under review during its fifty-eighth session the question of the financing of the United Nations Logistics Base . Draft decision II Special measures for protection from sexual exploitation and sexual abuse
?	keep.v	42	The focus is on post-school learning , founded upon the assumption that people both want and need lifelong learning and that self-motivation suffices as human contact has been virtually eliminated in webucation . Previous attempts to make education technology intensive rather than keeping it labour intensive have vastly expanded and commercialization has been the driving force . The global webucation market is estimated at $ 50 billion , which corresponds to the entire annual flow of development aid from all donors for all purposes .
?	keep.v	102	Most countries have laws requiring that the reorganization plan adequately and clearly disclose to all parties information regarding both the financial condition of the insolvent entity and the transformation of legal rights that is being proposed in the plan . Information as to the financial situation of the debtor may include asset and liability and cash flow statements ; details of the precise proposals included in the plan ; details of what creditors would receive ( and how that would be more than they would otherwise receive in liquidation ) ; and the basis upon which the business would be able to keep trading and could be successfully reorganized . Information relating to the proposals to be included in the plan may include : details of distribution of funds ; the continuation or termination of contracts that are not fully executed and non-expired leases ; the settlement of claims ; the sale of security ; minimum dividend pay-out to creditors ; the disclosure and acceptance procedure ; the rights of disputed claims to take part in the voting process and provisions for disputed claims to be resolved ; and voting rights and powers of “ insiders ” .
?	keep.v	60	Once it has been established that returnees were not discriminated against in the enjoyment of key human rights , or if discrimination persisted but national institutions provided an adequate remedy , then it was commonly assumed that UNHCR could phase out its monitoring activities in the country of origin . More recently , in the context of complex multinational peace keeping operations , UNHCR has also increased its collaboration with military and human rights actors in order to encourage or assist the State in providing national protection to returnees . Monitoring is often complemented by activities to promote equity , justice and demilitarization .
?	keep.v	45	In deciding to draft this Summary in a format which was separated out from the actual recommendations in the report itself , and in a way that was re-usable , the Panel was motivated by a number of matters . One was the desire to keep the substantive element of its reports to a manageable length . As the number of reports generated by the various panels increases , there seems to be a good deal to be said for what might be called economies of scale .
?	keep.v	16	Otherwise , you may be saddled with a good size milk bill by milk drinkers . Keep the retirement age flexible so skilled craftsmen such as tool and die makers can be kept on the job for the convenience of the company . And so deadheads on the payroll can be eased out at the earliest possible age .
?	keep.v	23	I hope that other delegations will join us in strongly encouraging completion of this process . It remains imperative that all parties concerned keep focused on the renegotiation effort , as any delays will only undermine the reconstruction . For its part , the Coalition Provisional Authority will continue to honour its commitment to support the fulfilment of all prioritized contracts .
?	keep.v	52	UNCTAD was in the best position to support developing countries in the effort to incorporate the development dimension in the multilateral and regional trade negotiations . Some issues , because of their complexity and relevance for developing countries , deserved special attention , including energy services , and she encouraged UNCTAD to keep working on that topic . UNCTAD should also support developing countries in the ongoing GATS negotiations , and especially in the request and offer process , to ensure that the liberalization of services markets would be linked to the strengthening of supply and export capacities in developing countries .
?	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-fifth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Mission in Ethiopia and Eritrea ” . 98th plenary meeting
?	keep.v	13	The deadline for the African peacekeeping mission is drawing near . Resources to keep the force there are drying up . The Sudanese Government has signalled that the African Union Mission in the Sudan ( AMIS ) can leave when its mandate expires later this month .
?	keep.v	40	The Committee discussed the question of adequacy and deployment of staff at the Mission with the Chief Administrative Officer of the Mission and other representatives of the Secretary-General . The Committee recommends that the current deployment and staff adequacy be kept under review to ensure optimum use of currently approved staff resources . Should additional needs be identified , the subsequent request should be made with full justification taking into account mandate implementation , the efficient use of the Organization 's investment in technology and any potential for redeployment .
?	keep.v	2	Objectives In keeping with the principle of national ownership , the Government of Guinea-Bissau has identified the following key priorities for the consolidation of peace in the country : ( a ) Elections and institutional support to the Electoral Commission ;
?	keep.v	45	I would also emphasize the great importance that Saudi Arabia attaches to the United Nations and to its pivotal role in maintaining peace , security and stability and in achieving development . We underline here that the implementation of all these objectives should be in keeping with the principles of the Charter and the resolutions of the Organization . Mr. Rastam ( Malaysia ) : My delegation would like to thank the Secretary-General for his comprehensive reports on the work of the Organization and on implementation of the United Nations Millennium Declaration , as contained in documents A/58/1 and A/58/323 , respectively .
?	keep.v	40	The success — or failure — of peacekeeping operations is dependent above all on the parties to the conflict , the Security Council and the Member States . United Nations peacekeeping can not succeed if there is no peace to keep , if peacekeeping operations do not have clear , realistic and achievable mandates , or if the political , human , financial or material resources required are not provided in full and in a timely manner . Darfur is a recent example where mandated activities have not been possible , where the critical resources required have not been provided and where the Secretariat has been unable to address those gaps alone .
?	keep.v	76	( b ) To continue to consider , on a priority basis and in an appropriate substantive manner and framework , the question of the implementation of the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations related to assistance to third States affected by the application of sanctions under Chapter VII of the Charter based on all of the related reports of the Secretary-General and the proposals submitted on the question ; ( c ) To keep on its agenda the question of the peaceful settlement of disputes between States ; ( d ) To continue to consider proposals concerning the Trusteeship Council in the light of the report of the Secretary-General submitted in accordance with General Assembly resolution 50/55 of 11 December 1995 , the report of the Secretary-General entitled “ Renewing the United Nations : a programme for reform ” and the views expressed by States on this subject at previous sessions of the Assembly ;
?	keep.v	48	Letters of credit that expired by 31 December 2004 It will be recalled that I had indicated in paragraph 2 of the annex to my letter of 19 December 2005 that the cash collateral supporting 223 letters of credit that had expired by 31 December 2004 would be kept in the United Nations Iraq Account until 31 December 2005 to allow the relevant authorities to process the authentication documents for the goods that were shipped during the validity of the letter of credit . Nine ( 9 ) letters of credit were fully paid subsequent to my letter of 19 December 2005 , 32 letters of credit were extended to allow further shipments and 120 letters of credit were partially paid and residual balances of the letters of credit were cancelled , as a result of which there were 62 letters of credit remaining as of 31 May 2006 as shown in table 2 .
?	keep.v	24	Priority should be given to their effective implementation . It is vital that contribution pledges to financing the Heavily Indebted Poor Countries initiative be kept . Based on that , the ambitious objective of having three-fourths of all countries concerned benefit between now and the end of 2000 should be pursued .
?	keep.v	46	Noting that contemporary forms of victimization , while essentially directed against persons , may nevertheless also be directed against groups of persons who are targeted collectively , Recognizing that , in honouring the victims ' right to benefit from remedies and reparation , the international community keeps faith with the plight of victims , survivors and future human generations , and reaffirms the international legal principles of accountability , justice and the rule of law , Convinced that , in adopting a victim-oriented perspective , the international community affirms its human solidarity with victims of violations of international law , including violations of international human rights law and international humanitarian law , as well as with humanity at large , in accordance with the following Basic Principles and Guidelines ,
?	keep.v	36	Specific obligations The carrier shall during the period of its responsibility as defined in article 11 , and subject to article 26 , properly and carefully receive , load , handle , stow , carry , keep , care for , discharge and deliver the goods . Notwithstanding paragraph 1 of this article , and without prejudice to the other provisions in chapter 5 and to chapters 6 to 8 , the parties may agree that the loading , handling , stowing or discharging of the goods is to be performed by the shipper , any person referred to in article 34 , paragraph 1 , the controlling party or the consignee .
?	keep.v	99	Moreover , the use of force in international relations should be governed by the peremptory norms set forth in the Charter and was acceptable only in the exercise of the right of self-defence provided for in Article 51 of the Charter or following a decision by the Security Council taken under Articles 39 and 42 of the Charter in the event of a threat to the peace , breach of the peace or an act of aggression . His delegation thought that the proposal should be adopted , since the ideas on which it was based were fully in keeping with the principles of international law and the purposes and principles of the Charter , and it was confident that a consensus could be reached that the General Assembly could request an advisory opinion as provided in Article 96 , paragraph 1 , of the Charter . In view of the increasing recourse in recent years to unilateral military actions not authorized by the Security Council , an advisory opinion would clarify and define the cases in which the use of force was acceptable from the standpoint of international law and would therefore reaffirm the Charter , reinforce the legitimacy of the activities of the United Nations and strengthen the system of collective security , of which the Security Council was the cornerstone .
?	keep.v	46	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of programmes of assistance for the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations decisions relating to decolonization , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly ,
?	keep.v	25	Clarifications were also sought on the Freon gas project , which was suspended in 1990 . The group examined the plans on the project and kept a copy thereof . It also inspected the unit for the maintenance of the thermal alternators and boilers. Using hand-held devices , the group conducted radiometric measurements and took samples of raw calcium phosphate , samples from the calcium phosphate concentrate department and a sample of triple super phosphate fertilizer .
?	keep.v	53	The Office of Internal Oversight Services ( OIOS ) issued 266 oversight reports during the 12-month period from 1 July 2004 to 30 June 2005 . The description of the subjects of the oversight reports presented below is limited to those that were not issued to the General Assembly and is brief in keeping with the strict page limitation imposed . Reports to the General Assembly
?	keep.v	77	Cuba also strongly condemns the practice of State terrorism , which has been rejected by the international community in the Declaration in the following words : “ States must refrain from organizing , instigating , assisting or participating in terrorist acts in territories of other States , or from acquiescing in or encouraging activities within their territories directed towards the commission of such acts ” . For Cuba , these postulates are fully valid and closely in keeping with its unshakeable position in condemning all acts , methods and practices of terrorism in all its forms and manifestations . Cuba considers terrorism to be a reprehensible and unacceptable phenomenon , which must be fought by the international community as a whole in a context of close cooperation and of respect for the Charter of the United Nations , international law and international humanitarian law .
?	keep.v	21	There have been attempts on people 's lives , but less frequently than in RCD-controlled territory . President Kabila did not keep his word about suspending the death penalty , which continues to be applied . The Government has not taken any step in the direction of democracy and political parties which do not adapt to new and inadmissible requirements continue to be prohibited .
?	keep.v	50	The Committee urges the Government to reform existing legislation and to create new legislation to protect the equal rights of women and men in regard to labour , social , family and property . The Committee expresses its concern that Jamaica 's passport law provides that a married woman may keep her maiden name on her passport only if she insists or for professional reasons and that in those cases , a note would be entered in her passport with the name of her husband and the fact of her marriage . The Committee calls upon the Government to bring the passport law into line with article 16 ( g ) of the Convention .
?	keep.v	37	The goal is to build on the advances towards peace made in some regions and to resolve some persistent causes of tension . The goal is to bring about a culture of peace and cooperation , in keeping with the preamble of the UNESCO Constitution , which states that : “ Since wars begin in the minds of men , it is in the minds of men that the defences of peace must be constructed. ” The draft resolution before the Council today reflects the strong support of the Security Council for the achievement of peace , security and development in the region .
?	keep.v	46	All accredited stakeholders are invited to attend the drafting sessions ; although only representatives of Governments and of the three major institutional stakeholders will be permitted to participate in the discussion , following the practice used in the preparatory phase for the Monterrey Conference . In keeping with previous practice , stakeholders are welcome to make available in writing any contributions they deem appropriate , which should be addressed to the Co-Facilitators , with a copy to the Financing for Development Office , indicating their wish to have them posted on the Financing for Development Web site . Forthcoming official meetings
?	keep.v	60	Records can be kept in a central location by the State or be maintained by others , for example , those engaged in the manufacture or transfer of firearms . States that opt for State-maintained records may consider introducing additional offences and requirements to ensure the fidelity of the information provided to them , while States requiring other entities to keep such records may wish to ensure , through appropriate regulations and sanctions , that the necessary records are accurate and readily available when required for tracing or investigative purposes . As is the case with marking , the method of record-keeping to be used remains at the discretion of the States parties .
?	keep.v	62	In that connection , my country notes with satisfaction the sustained efforts and the success of repeated appeals to bring peace to the Middle East so that the peoples of that region can live in peace , security and prosperity . We hope that the peace process will be resumed in accordance with the principles enunciated at the Madrid Conference , in keeping with the principle of land for peace , and in conformity with Security Council resolutions 242 ( 1967 ) , 338 ( 1973 ) and 425 ( 1978 ) , thus bringing about the complete withdrawal of Israel from all Arab territories occupied in 1967 and the establishment of an independent Palestinian State with its capital in the holy city of Al-Quds Al-Sharif . We express our hope for a return to stability and concord in the Gulf region , consistent with international legality and with respect for the independence and territorial integrity of Kuwait , as well as with respect for the unity and territorial integrity of Iraq .
?	keep.v	50	The mission was told that survivors “ want justice , not sympathy ” . In the Basic Principles and Guidelines on the Right to a Remedy , the General Assembly recognized that it is through honouring the victims ' right to benefit from remedies and reparation that the international community keeps faith with the plight of victims and survivors . The survivors of the Beit Hanoun shelling have not been able to have access to justice .
?	keep.v	21	In view of those arguments , several delegations supported the wording of article 2 , paragraph 2 . Several participants suggested keeping the reference to State actors in article 1 , and addressing the issue of non-State actors , not in the incrimination provisions , as had been done in article 2 , paragraph 2 , but in another place , for example in Part III of the future instrument . Others , however , felt that it should be addressed in article 1 , but in a separate paragraph .
?	keep.v	37	The Republic of Korea acknowledged its own responsibilities in that regard . Because of rapid increases in both the peacekeeping budget and his country 's share of it , the Republic of Korea had been unable to keep up with its assessed contributions for peacekeeping operations . However , after consultations among the various ministries concerned , his Government had developed a payment plan that would allow it to keep pace with future contributions while paying all outstanding peacekeeping assessments by the end of 2008 .
?	keep.v	43	The subprogramme plays a central role in promoting international statistical standards and providing a regional statistical forum . It aims at strengthening the capacity of the national statistical systems of the region to produce and disseminate , in a timely manner and in keeping with international standards and best practices , the statistical information and development indicators needed to design and monitor evidence-based economic and social policies for national decision makers and civil society . 18.38 The subprogramme will focus on strengthening statistical systems in the member countries in order to harmonize with the United Nations Fundamental Principles of Official Statistics .
?	keep.v	111	The Commission on Human Rights , in its resolution 2001/62 , requested the Secretary-General to continue to include the Fund on an annual basis among the programmes for which funds are pledged at the United Nations Pledging Conference for Development Activities and renewed its request to the Secretary-General to transmit to all Governments the appeals of the Commission for contributions to the Fund . The Commission called upon the Board of Trustees of the Fund to report to the Commission at its fifty-eighth session and present an updated assessment of the global need for international funding of rehabilitation services for victims of torture , and requested the Secretary-General to continue to keep the Commission informed of the operations of the Fund on an annual basis . At the present session , the Commission will have before it the report of the Secretary-General on the Fund submitted to the General Assembly ( A/56/181 ) and updated information for the Commission ( E/CN.4/2002/66 and Add.1 ) .
?	keep.v	58	During the ensuing discussion , it was stressed that there was no urgent need to address the issue and to start an in-depth consideration of the proposal at the current stage , when there was no consensus on the reform of the Organization and relevant amendments to its Charter . A view was also expressed in support of keeping the proposal submitted by Malta on the agenda of the Special Committee . Chapter VI Repertory of Practice of United Nations Organs and Repertoire of the Practice of the Security Council
?	keep.v	76	Thus the proposal we wish to make to you , Mr. Chairman , and to all delegations present here would be to suspend this meeting and to resume it later , perhaps at the beginning of next week , in order to enable you to contact the Chairman of the Non-Aligned Movement and to determine whether the Summit of the Non-Aligned Movement could be changed . If the dates originally proposed by the Non-Aligned Movement are kept , then our delegation will work to reach an agreement . But I think it would be important to make this additional effort before taking a definitive decision .
?	keep.v	50	However , the Board noted that the Asia Pacific Office had made a submission for the disposal of obsolete and redundant assets to the headquarters Contracts and Property Committee only on 27 November 2007 . Furthermore , the assets had not been in use during the biennium 2006-2007 and were kept in an off-site storage facility at a cost of approximately $ 1 , 000 per annum . The submission for disposal of the assets valued at $ 634 , 821 had been approved by the Committee on 4 December 2007 .
?	keep.v	47	The inclusion of those three elements brought the text closer to universal acceptance and was testimony to the willingness of the sponsors to take on board the concerns of all interested delegations . In order to maintain the broad compromise , all three elements should therefore be kept in the text . The meaning and the specific implications of the language proposed in paragraph 1 of document A/C.3/63/L.75 referring to “ peoples ” was unclear .
?	keep.v	46	Stresses the need to apply and further develop indicators on means of implementation to evaluate progress towards conference goals in creating an enabling environment for development ; Calls upon the United Nations funds and programmes , the functional and regional commissions and the specialized agencies to keep under review the full range of indicators used in their reports and information networks , with full participation and ownership of Member States , with a view to avoiding duplication , as well as ensuring the transparency , consistency and reliability of those indicators ; Stresses the importance of building statistical capacity in all countries , including through statistical training , and of effective international support in this context for developing countries , and urges countries , the United Nations funds and programmes , the Secretariat , bilateral funding agencies , the Bretton Woods institutions and regional funding agencies to mobilize the required resources and coordinate their efforts to support national statistical capacity-building in developing countries , in particular in the least developed countries ;
?	keep.v	65	In response , it was observed that the terms “ offeror ” and “ offeree ” were used in draft articles 8 and 9 in a context in which they might not easily be replaced with the words “ originator ” or “ addressee ” . It was suggested that although those terms might not be needed if draft articles 8 and 9 were not kept in the final text , it might be preferable , for the time being , to retain them . “ Signature ” and “ electronic signature ”
?	keep.v	60	The aim of the project is to enable communities to select their local administrations , initiate district-based reconciliation and establish district development councils throughout the country , starting with the Bay region in central Somalia . The project brings together clan elders , traditional leaders and civil society groups to work for the re-establishment of representative local administrations , in keeping with the Transitional Federal Charter . These groups from each region will facilitate the dialogue and action needed to disseminate the outcome of the 2004 Somali National Reconciliation Conference .
?	keep.v	56	It damages the organization 's credibility , which requires it to adopt a position of neutrality on issues that arise between two of its members , and it is incompatible with the norms and procedures of diplomatic conduct . The manner in which you have addressed this dubious Kuwaiti conduct is also not at all in keeping with the requirements of the OIC Charter in terms of the principles of impartiality , the objective consideration of controversial issues and the rejection of interference and pressure . The Government of Iraq therefore believes that you owe it to all the members of OIC and that you have the duty , stemming from your responsibility to them , to clarify this matter and the circumstances in which it arose .
?	keep.v	47	In fact , many countries continue to depend on facilities beyond their own border for recycling certain special wastes ( e.g. for metal wastes ) and for the disposal of various types of toxic wastes . The export is only permitted if national and international regulations are kept and the environmentally tolerable treatment of the wastes can be assured . The OECD countries and the European Union have gone beyond the obligations of the Convention by agreeing to ban export to non-OECD countries of hazardous wastes intended for final disposal. This commitment has helped in securing the support of non-governmental organisations , which were keen to stop the uncontrolled dumping of wastes on the shores of developing countries .
?	keep.v	49	Switzerland stated that it is vital that anyone suspected of having committed a serious crime should be brought to court in order to be tried . With regard to the penal procedures concerning the crimes committed during the dictatorship , Switzerland underlined the importance that the procedures were in keeping with the principles of fair trial and rapidity . It was vital that these criminal procedures should not be pointlessly slowed down , for if they were delayed this might lead to people escaping a verdict .
?	keep.v	103	Although the Frente POLISARIO had decided , at the last minute , not to act on its threat to resume hostilities , a climate of increased mistrust and bitterness had set in between the parties that was undermining the agreed ceasefire regime . Regrettably , he could report no progress towards overcoming the obstacles to the implementation of the settlement plan or towards determining whether the Government of Morocco , as administrative power in Western Sahara , was prepared to offer or support some devolution of authority for all inhabitants and former inhabitants of the Territory that was genuine , substantial and in keeping with international norms . The only positive development during that period had been the decision by the Frente POLISARIO , on 14 December 2000 , to release 201 Moroccan prisoners of war on humanitarian grounds , for which he expressed his deep appreciation , in particular to the Frente POLISARIO and to ICRC , who assisted in facilitating the repatriation .
?	keep.v	67	Indigenous affairs ministries , departments or bureaux often have specific mandates to that effect and local indigenous governments need to deal with these institutions rather than with those of the national political or administrative system in general . Indigenous organizations may consider this to be a form of discrimination , whereas Governments argue that such arrangements are designed for the protection of indigenous people themselves , in keeping with their best interests ( as defined by the State ) . Recognizing these issues , the Draft United Nations declaration on the rights of indigenous peoples states in article 33 : “ Indigenous peoples have the right to promote , develop and maintain their institutional structures and their distinctive juridical customs , traditions , procedures and practices , in accordance with internationally recognized human rights standards. ”
?	keep.v	108	This will involve a wide range of protection and promotion activities , which will be carried out in keeping with international human rights law and other relevant international standards and in close cooperation and coordination with the parties , while complementing and building on the work carried out by the United Nations country team . In addition to the mainstreaming of human rights within the operation , the human rights component will carry out a wide range of monitoring , investigation , reporting , advocacy , protection , advisory and capacity- and institution-building activities , including support for the establishment of a national human rights commission , in keeping with the Paris Principles and as noted in the Darfur Peace Agreement . The component will also engage with the authorities , other parties to the Agreement and relevant United Nations and non-governmental organizations , with a view to identifying options for appropriate actions to stop , prevent and/or pre-empt violations of human rights and fundamental freedoms .
?	keep.v	64	The Special Rapporteur has talked directly with many such women , some of whom were sold into forced marriage in a neighbouring country before moving on to seek refuge elsewhere . The reasons why criminals prey on that group were referred to in the previous reports of the Special Rapporteur , and include the pretext of family reunion , and the belief that women keep their promise to pay up more conscientiously than men and that they are less likely to be prosecuted for illegal entry into another country ( see A/HRC/4/15 , para. 30 , and A/62/264 , para . What of refugee women who wish to marry in the final resettlement country ?
?	keep.v	50	( a ) Respect the right to privacy , the dignity and the rights of persons with disabilities , and the information collected from persons with disabilities should be on a voluntary basis ; ( b ) Be kept only in a statistical format without identifying individuals and should be kept secure to prevent unauthorized access or misuse of information ; ( c ) Ensure that the design and implementation of data collection is done in partnership with persons with disabilities , their representative organizations and all other relevant stakeholders ;
?	keep.v	58	Recalls the endorsement of the report of the Forum Ministerial Committee on New Caledonia by leaders of the Pacific Islands Forum at its 36th Summit , held in Papua New Guinea in October 2005 , and the continuing role of the Forum Ministerial Committee in monitoring developments in the Territory and encouraging closer regional engagements ; Decides to keep under continuous review the process unfolding in New Caledonia as a result of the signing of the Nouméa Accord ; Requests the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples to continue the examination of the question of the Non-Self-Governing Territory of New Caledonia and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its sixty-fourth session .
?	keep.v	71	If Lebanon receives Global Fund support , it will be able to ensure the continuity of the activities envisaged in its national strategic plan to fight AIDS , as it seeks to stabilize the country 's financial and economic situation . The United Nations Theme Group on HIV/AIDS plays a positive and effective role in coordinating the activities of its member organizations by establishing an annual unified plan of action in keeping with the national strategic plan . Moreover , the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS ( UNAIDS ) and its country teams are working actively to provide technical assistance to countries of the Middle East and North Africa ( MENA ) and their national AIDS programmes in all areas , particularly awareness-raising , prevention and capacity-building for staff , non-governmental organizations and other civil society actors on the national and regional levels .
?	keep.v	47	Regarding the membership and budget of the Panel , the Working Group took note of but did not recommend any action on the Panel 's request for funding for 26 travels for 13 non-article 5 Party members during 2007 . The Open-ended Working Group nonetheless agreed to keep these issues on the agenda for the Meeting of the Parties . The Meeting of the Parties may wish to consider these issues as deemed appropriate .
?	keep.v	69	In a letter to the Secretary-General on 7 February , FRETILIN Secretary-General Mari Alkatiri positively referred to progress made in those discussions and the efforts of all concerned to foster an inclusive and participatory environment to enable the country to move forward . President Ramos-Horta himself has played a crucial role in bringing the parties together , and I hope that the parties will continue to come together to keep the positive momentum going while he is recovering . UNMIT will continue with its good offices to facilitate that process .
?	keep.v	49	Some of those who did not initially react with an arm-elevation also associated their behavior in the situation with control factors - an inability to relinquish control voluntarily . One subject spontaneously asked ( after her arm had finally risen ) , `` Do you suppose I was unconsciously keeping it down before '' ? Another said that her arm did not go up at first `` because I would n't let it ; I thought it was n't supposed to '' .
?	keep.v	55	In accordance with the methodology adopted , the Panel wanted to verify the information by interviewing some of those witnesses and examining the Chadian vehicles seized by the Government of the Sudan . The Panel requested the Government officials to facilitate their enquiry by making the necessary arrangements at the places where the vehicles were kept and the witnesses/detainees were available . However , until the departure of the Panel from the Sudan , the Government of the Sudan could not make such arrangements .
?	keep.v	10	Paragraph 15 It is proposed to delete this paragraph because keeping it in its present formulation would cause ambiguity , which could lead to its not being applied , since taxes , in jurisprudence , mean compulsory funds collected for the benefit of the public ( state ) treasury . Therefore , they are public funds that can not be interfered with or seized or their ownership transferred .
?	keep.v	36	“ It has always been the policy of the United Nations , acting through the Secretary-General , to compensate individuals who have suffered damages for which the Organization was legally liable . This policy is in keeping with generally recognized legal principles and with the Convention on Privileges and Immunities of the United Nations . In addition , in regard to the United Nations activities in the Congo , it is reinforced by the principles set forth in the international conventions concerning the protection of the life and property of civilian population during hostilities as well as by considerations of equity and humanity which the United Nations can not ignore. ”
?	keep.v	71	It was a matter of some concern that rape was treated by the State as an offence only where force or the threat of force had been used to coerce the victim into sexual intercourse and that many other jurisdictions defined rape simply as sexual intercourse without the consent of one of the parties . Moreover , the punishment for rape in the Czech Republic did not appear to be in keeping with the seriousness of the crime . The delegation was urged to seek further information on the “ no-drop ” policy , according to which securing prosecution for violent crimes was regarded as a matter of public interest and cases could be brought before the courts by the State with or without the consent of the victim .
?	keep.v	52	The Organization and its membership owe Kofi Annan a tremendous amount of gratitude and we will continue to support his efforts until his last day with this Organization . At the appropriate time , we will recall the contributions of Mr. Annan to the Organization and pay tribute to him for having kept faith with the poor and the marginalized of the world despite all the pressures he faced . For now , we wish once again to welcome Mr. Ban Ki-moon and wish him the best .
?	keep.v	20	The decision to implement the new system by January 2009 was welcome . If that ambitious timeline was to be kept , the Sixth Committee must again focus its attention on the legal issues involved and see to it that the new system would be fully consistent not only with the relevant rules of international law , but also with the principles of the rule of law and due process . The scope of the new system was a major concern in that respect , and he agreed with the Secretary-General 's recommendation that the certain non-staff personnel should be able to avail themselves of effective means of dispute resolution , since in many United Nations offices persons with very different contracts were working side by side over long periods of time .
?	keep.v	21	The rest of the press should be kept clean by dusting with a clean rag or brush . Be careful to keep the drive belt free of oil and grease . Belt tension is adjusted by manipulation of two locking bolts and a movable motor mount .
?	keep.v	55	Welcomes , in this regard , the accession by New Caledonia to the status of observer in the Pacific Islands Forum , continuing high-level visits to New Caledonia by delegations from countries of the Pacific region and high-level visits by delegations from New Caledonia to countries members of the Pacific Islands Forum ; Decides to keep under continuous review the process unfolding in New Caledonia as a result of the signing of the Nouméa Accord ; Requests the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples to continue to examine the question of the Non-Self-Governing Territory of New Caledonia and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session .
?	keep.v	46	It culminates a year-long discussion on how to focus and strengthen our efforts and resolve towards our common pursuits : the achievement of the internationally agreed development goals , including the Millennium Development Goals ( MDGs ) . The United Nations has made great strides in keeping these issues on the international agenda . The holding of the first annual ministerial review and the launching of the Development Cooperation Forum of the Economic and Social Council , the informal thematic debate of the General Assembly and the Secretary-General 's high-level event on climate change , as well as the Assembly 's High-level Dialogue on Financing for Development have been highlights in this year 's calendar focusing on development .
?	keep.v	33	The key now is to support the Fund and work to ensure its sustainability and , above all , its predictability , in order to enhance its effectiveness . The rich countries must keep their promise and unambiguously commit themselves to the fight . We hope too that innovative financing approaches will be forged in the context of the Global Fund .
?	keep.v	61	My delegation supports the appeal made by the Chairman to those States that have not yet submitted a report to open a line of communication with the CTC and to keep the Committee informed of any difficulty they are facing in the implementation of resolution 1373 ( 2001 ) . Their response is all the more important if we are to keep up the momentum in the international alliance against terrorism . Finally , I would like to reiterate my personal commitment to the work of the CTC , as well as the commitment of my Government to fully implement resolution 1373 ( 2001 ) .
?	keep.v	59	Paragraph 3 ( b ) had been amended to replicate the wording of the recommendation , contained in paragraph 21 of the report of the Special Committee ( A/63/33 ) , concerning the working document submitted by the Russian Federation on the subject of sanctions . A new paragraph 4 had been added to reflect the decision not to keep on the agenda of the Special Committee the topic relating to the consideration of a working paper , also submitted by the Russian Federation , on the subject of peacekeeping operations . Paragraph 15 had been amended to request the Secretary-General to brief the Special Committee at its next session on the information referred to in paragraph 11 of his report on implementation of the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations related to assistance to third States affected by the application of sanctions ( A/63/224 ) .
?	keep.v	44	If the child is between the ages of twelve and fourteen , under Article 201 of the Criminal Code the action qualifies as statutory rape . In other words , the minimum age of consent has been set at fourteen - which is in keeping with society 's value judgments and expectations . This means that all sexual relations with children under the age of fourteen qualify as felonies irrespectively of whether there was some form of payment or consent , while a person over the age of fourteen is free to establish a sexual relationship ( with a partner who is also over the age of fourteen , of course ) .
?	keep.v	59	The Provisional Institutions of Self-Government for their part are constantly blaming all deficiencies on what they perceive to be an absence of authority to deal with these matters . These tensions — caused by Belgrade 's continued support of parallel structures ; the possibility of a renewal of ethnically-motivated violent attacks ; and the resulting fears that continue to keep many internally displaced persons from returning to Kosovo — are all challenges that require us to maintain a firm commitment to the principles and objectives embodied in resolution 1244 ( 1999 ) . UNMIK , KFOR and the international community still have much to do together in Kosovo to ensure the fulfilment of standards .
?	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Operation in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-ninth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Operation in Burundi ” . Sixth Committee
?	keep.v	49	The above-mentioned Guidelines were issued to the insurance industry on 25 April 2001 . Their purpose is to provide a framework to guide the insurance industry to put in place effective anti-money-laundering measures , including the need to be vigilant and to verify the identity of their customers , keep records , recognize and report suspicious transaction or customers , as well as provide training of key personnel ; ( d ) Anti-money-laundering provisions in various laws .
?	keep.v	120	Non-disclosure of identifying information consists of changing the last name , first name , family name and other personal data , and changing information on the place of residence and work ( study ) in statements and crime reports , screening materials , reports of investigative and judicial proceedings , and also other documents of bodies conducting criminal proceedings , by replacing these data with other data . The original data , a model of the signature to be used in documents of the protected person , and the decision on the application of the security measure must be transmitted immediately by the body conducting the preliminary investigation to the prosecutor responsible for overseeing the preliminary investigation , and are kept by him under the rules for secret proceedings . Investigative activities involving the participation of the protected person during the preliminary investigation and also his interrogation in court may be conducted out of sight of other persons , including persons in the courtroom , or using techniques to ensure the anonymity of the protected person , and a note to that effect is entered in the record of the investigation or court session .
?	keep.v	30	Donor support to the Special Court and the Truth and Reconciliation Commission UNAMSIL continues to support both the Special Court for Sierra Leone and the Truth and Reconciliation Commission in keeping with the agreed memorandum of understanding and to advocate for the mobilization of adequate financial resources to meet their operational requirements . The Truth and Reconciliation Commission , in particular , may need additional funds , since its mandate has been extended beyond October 2003 .
?	keep.v	61	In that regard , we are greatly perplexed by the removal , under pressure by Kosovo Albanian leaders , of information from that text : the removal of the preamble , which contains important basic provisions , including references to resolution 1244 ( 1999 ) , the Constitutional Framework and applicable law in the region . That approach is hardly in keeping with the international community 's objectives in Kosovo . We believe that the region must carry out significant work to achieve the standards set by the international community .
?	keep.v	52	Young women were encouraged by the example of the older women already participating , and it was clear that public service was a real option , especially in the urban areas . Part of the prospective reform of family law would be to adopt a consistent minimum age of eligibility , in keeping with appropriate international standards . Currently , the minimum age was 21 for voting , 18 and 16 for marriage , and 16 for criminal responsibility .
?	keep.v	38	We in Bangladesh continue to be inspired by the noble vision of the Father of our Nation , Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujibur Rahman , for women 's advancement and empowerment . We have made sincere and all-out efforts to keep the commitments we made in Beijing . Following the Conference , a National Policy for Advancement of Women was adopted in Bangladesh to implement the Beijing Platform for Action .
?	keep.v	26	Physiologically , people overeat because what Dr. Jolliffe calls the `` appestat '' is set too high . The appestat , which adjusts the appetite to keep weight constant , is located , says Jolliffe , in the hypothalamus - near the body 's temperature , sleep and water-balance controls . Physical exercise raises the appestat .
?	keep.v	63	In close consultation with UNMIT , the Department of Peacekeeping Operations will continue to review , on a regular basis , the concept of operations and the rules of engagement to ensure that they adequately reflect the evolving situation as the resumption process progresses in order to enable UNMIT to carry out its mandate in the most effective manner . The Department will keep Security Council members , as well as troop- and police-contributing countries , informed . ( Signed ) Ban Ki-moon
?	keep.v	17	His delegation believed that a definition of State responsibility in that regard should be elaborated . In keeping with paragraph 7 of the Declaration , his delegation was in favour of the adoption of a comprehensive legal framework on international terrorism , which should include the following elements . First , it should be broad in scope and cover both individuals and legal persons .
?	keep.v	72	Freedoms Freedom of Expressions expression and of Aassembly The Committee remains concerned that , although the freedom of expression and of assembly are is formally recogniszed in the Constitution , the protection of these this freedoms are is restricted by the requirement to interpret them it in accordance with Islamic principles without clarifying at the outset the basis upon on which an action or expression would accord is considered to be in keeping with such principles . The Committee reiterates its recommendation , expressed in its previous concluding observations , that the State party establish clear criteria to assess for determining whether a given action or expression is in accordance with Islamic texts law and the Convention in order to avoid arbitrary interpretations .
?	keep.v	26	My delegation will therefore limit its statement to the situation in the Democratic Republic of the Congo . While we sincerely thank the Security Council for keeping the situation in our country among its priorities , we take this opportunity also to express our gratitude for this morning 's unanimous response to the request of the Secretary-General to deploy as soon as possible a multinational force in Bunia with a view to helping a return to normalcy in Ituri , a district of Orientale province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo that has been stricken , for the second time in just a few months , by the misdeeds of the forces of evil . Orchestrated by two neighbouring countries , the events in Bunia are strikingly similar to those we have seen in Kisangani , where the regular armies of those same two countries clashed on several occasions with heavy weapons , claiming thousands of victims .
?	keep.v	76	Likewise , the decision to introduce antiretroviral treatment in 2004 would not have been possible without international support . Since 2002 , a multisectoral strategic plan has been implemented to cover the period 2002-2006 , with the definition of a single policy framework , a single coordinating authority — the Committee for the Coordination of the Fight against AIDS , chaired by the Prime Minister — and a single system of monitoring and evaluation , in keeping with the internationally agreed principle of the “ Three Ones ” . Thanks to $ 9 million in loans from the World Bank in April 2002 , that multisectoral plan reached cruising speed in 2004 .
?	keep.v	65	The State party 's observations on the communication 4.1 In a note verbale dated 24 May 2004 , the State party indicates that the allegation of a violation of article 2 , paragraph 1 , of the Covenant , has no legal basis whatsoever , as the author 's many judicial and administrative initiatives against Austria received the necessary administrative and judicial support , in keeping with the provisions of the international conventions to which Italy is a party . In particular , the State party indicates that , following the application lodged by the author with the Italian Central Authority , the Austrian judicial authorities acknowledged the author 's right of access to the children , and drew up a programme of visits .
?	keep.v	25	France expressed reservations about this paragraph . Some delegations proposed the deletion of this word , pointing out that its inclusion would require comprehensive record keeping on a plethora of forms of ownership and debt , which would be almost impossible to provide . Pakistan proposed to add the following text , which was previously contained in article 18 , paragraph 2 , subparagraphs ( d ) ( i ) and ( ii ) ( A/AC.261/3 ( Part I ) ) :
?	keep.v	35	Nonetheless , the international response to the precarious humanitarian situation in the Central African Republic remains inadequate , having met only 42 per cent of the expressed needs . The Inter-Agency Standing Committee has therefore kept up its advocacy efforts and has launched a semi-annual review of the CAP 2006 , headed by the Prime Minister . Human rights situation
?	keep.v	33	Of course , this should not affect the recruitment of new staff members who might meet the needs of the Organization . In conclusion , the Secretary-General should take steps that are in keeping with the suggestions contained in the report . Reforms have been suggested by the Secretary-General , but it is up to Member States to decide on them .
?	keep.v	73	( 5 ) If the bases for application of a prohibition on entry provided for in subsection ( 1 ) of this section become evident during the proceedings for the grant or extension of a basis for stay , the grant or extension of the basis for stay shall be refused and a prohibition on entry shall be applied with regard to the alien . A register of the ban on entry is kept about foreigners upon whom the ban on entry is imposed . Have you included the names of the listed individuals in your national `` stop list '' or border checkpoint list ?
?	keep.v	18	Analysis and valuation IMP Metall claims that it lost certain fixed assets , namely vehicles , which were kept on site at the Baghdad Tower Clock Project . IMP inženiring submitted letters sent by IMP Metall to Al-Fao in July and August 1992 , claiming the value of the vehicles at their “ unwritten off value ” of USD 188 , 683 , plus monthly financing costs of USD 1 , 888 and “ consequential damage ” of USD 22 , 641 .
?	keep.v	81	It follows that a Contracting State can not take advantage of the information system of the other Contracting State if it is wider than its own system. ” [ para. 15 ] “ Information is deemed to be obtainable in the normal course of administration if it is in the possession of the tax authorities or can be obtained by them in the normal procedure of tax determination , which may include special investigations or special examination of the business accounts kept by the taxpayer or other persons , provided that the tax authorities would make similar investigations or examination for their own purposes . This means that the requested State has to collect the information the other State needs in the same way as if its own taxation was involved , under the proviso mentioned in paragraph 15 above. ” [ para. 16 ]
?	keep.v	83	As regards the proposal on predictable international assistance , we welcome the Secretary-General 's commitment to create new systems for recruitment of personnel from neighbouring regions , from countries with similar socio-economic , cultural or linguistic structures , or that have already undergone a process of post-conflict transition . We appreciate the ideas put forward for an enhanced capacity for rapid deployment of personnel , although this proposal seems complex to us because of the costs that it might involve in terms of keeping professional staff on permanent standby , especially for developing countries . We trust that the proposed review and the information provided by the Secretary-General on the basis of the relevant provisions of General Assembly resolutions 61/279 and 63/280 , will contain mechanisms that are more flexible and that will make it possible to draw upon the capacity of the southern hemisphere .
?	keep.v	34	Goods remaining undelivered The view was expressed that the remedies set out in draft article 50 were only available to a carrier facing undelivered goods after it had attempted to deliver the goods in keeping with the procedure set out in draft article 49 . However , there was support in the Commission for the alternative view that the use of the disjunctive “ or ” in listing the various bases on which goods would be deemed to have remained undelivered clearly indicated that an entitlement or an obligation to refuse delivery under draft article 49 constituted only one of several reasons for which goods could be deemed to have remained undelivered .
?	keep.v	33	Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations ( A/57/390 ) The President : Before turning to the items on our agenda , I should like , in keeping with the established practice , to invite the attention of the General Assembly to document A/57/390 , which contains a letter from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the General Assembly in which he informs the Assembly that 16 Member States are in arrears in the payment of their financial contributions to the United Nations within the terms of Article 19 of the Charter . I should like to remind delegations that , under Article 19 of the Charter ,
?	keep.v	16	Other States provide that natural fruits are automatically covered unless the parties provide otherwise . In keeping with the general orientation of this Guide to provide recommendations that would be consistent with the normal practice of parties to a security agreement , the approach adopted is to consider these natural fruits to be automatically covered by the security agreement in the animal that produces the fruits . Finally , as concerns civil fruits or revenues , reasons of economic efficiency normally would suggest that a security right in the capital payment ( e.g. a negotiable instrument or receivable ) should also embrace a right to the interest payable .
?	keep.v	44	Let us now build on the advances of the past few weeks , the agreements that have been signed and the careful plans that have been made . Let the parties to the conflict show the world that they are willing and able to keep their promises to end the shameful and disastrous conflict and to work reliably with the international community in laying foundations for recovery . In this connection , I welcome the confirmation by President Kagame to me in a telephone conversation on 19 February of his decision to withdraw his troops from Pweto and pull back all his forces 200 kilometres , in accordance with the Harare disengagement and redeployment plan .
?	keep.v	54	Should we not consider such an American measure a threat to and a blatant violation of international peace and security by a permanent State member of the Security Council — the body responsible for the maintenance of international peace and security ? Does that not undermine the very basis of international relations , in keeping with the Charter ? Does it not constitute a monopoly of international legitimacy ?
?	keep.v	94	Preliminary investigations , in conjunction with Nicholas L. Johnston , Chief Scientist and Program Manager of the Orbital Debris Program Office at the Johnson Space Center of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration of the United States of America , revealed that the objects were believed to be component parts of a DELTA II second stage rocket used to launch a United States Global Positioning System ( GPS ) satellite on 28 March 1996 . An investigation concluded that the objects posed no risk of hazards to people and property , and were being kept by the South African Astronomical Observatory in Cape Town . In accordance with article 5 , paragraph 1 , of the 1968 Agreement , the Government of South Africa is also notifying the Government of the United States of America .
?	keep.v	52	The Security Council discussed the question of Angola on 20 September and issued a statement by the President of the Council ( S/PRST/2001/24 ) in which it condemned in the strongest terms the terrorist attacks by UNITA forces on the civilian population . The statement also mentioned the Council 's determination to keep sanctions against UNITA in place until it was convinced that the conditions in its relevant resolutions had been met . The Council considered the four-point agenda for peace proposed by the Government of Angola a useful indication of areas where an agreement or progress should be reached .
?	keep.v	57	It was suggested that article 18 ( 2 ) should be maintained in the draft instrument but kept in square brackets , and that as a matter of drafting , the phrase “ international and national mandatory provisions ” should be changed to “ international or national mandatory provisions ” . A further refinement suggested was to keep article 18 ( 2 ) in square brackets pending the insertion of liability limits in article 18 ( 1 ) , but to insert square brackets around the phrase “ and national mandatory provisions ” in order to mirror the current text in article 8 . Another alternative suggested was that article 18 ( 1 ) could establish the specific liability limit for localized damage , while article 18 ( 2 ) could establish a second specific liability limit for non-localized damage without any reference to other liability limits in international and national mandatory provisions .
?	keep.v	52	Underlining that 2006 marks 60 years of the United Nations action against racism , including three United Nations decades against racism whose programmes of action have largely not been achieved , as well as five years since the Durban Conference of 2001 , Saluting the laudable efforts of the Caribbean Community to keep the Durban spirit alive and foremost in the conscience of the international community and , in this regard , welcoming the historic resolution 61/19 of the General Assembly , adopted unanimously on 28 November 2006 , in which the Assembly decided to designate 25 March 2007 as the International Day for the Commemoration of the Two-hundredth Anniversary of the Abolition of the Transatlantic Slave Trade , Taking note of General Assembly resolution 61/149 of 19 December 2006 in which the Assembly decided to convene in 2009 a review conference on the implementation of the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action ,
?	keep.v	33	And that is better done by being an integral part of the direct budget support dialogue and support arrangements rather than being conducted as an add-on or separate process . This is in keeping with the Triennial Comprehensive Policy Review ( resolution 59/250 ) , where the United Nations system is asked to “ support national capacities for the management of various aid modalities , including system-wide approaches and budget support ” . The present report responds to a growing demand from programme country governments that UNDP look more closely at its overall engagement in direct budget support , which is now also a key part of the national policy dialogue and consultation processes on development effectiveness and aid coordination .
?	keep.v	18	We commend the Government for its open approach to this cooperation . We hope that the Government will keep its focus on human rights issues and maintain its responsible approach by seeking to continue to identify and overcome existing weaknesses . Lastly , let me touch briefly upon the issue of sanctions against UNITA .
?	keep.v	66	Acting under Chapter VII of the Charter of the United Nations , Reaffirms once again its support for the Peace Agreement , as well as for the Dayton Agreement on implementing the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina of 10 November 1995 ( S/1995/1021 , annex ) , calls upon the parties to comply strictly with their obligations under those Agreements , and expresses its intention to keep the implementation of the Peace Agreement , and the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina , under review ; Expresses its support for the declarations of the Ministerial meetings of the Peace Implementation Conference ;
?	keep.v	63	Concerning the United Nations Postal Administration , her delegation agreed with the Chairman of the Advisory Committee that an exception should not be made to financial rule 103.7 in order to establish the reserve fund proposed by the Secretary-General ( A/58/558/Add.1 , para . It was , moreover , concerned that the proposal to market personalized stamps for profit would not be in keeping with the Organization 's international nature ; it believed that United Nations stamps should reflect the causes it espoused . Mr. Yamanaka ( Japan ) noted with concern that the second performance report showed the United Nations to be in the same financial situation as it had been two years earlier .
?	keep.v	103	The estimated budgetary requirement for 2006 amounts to $ 1 , 145 , 297 , 000 , broken down as follows : The Advisory Committee recalls that the Executive Committee had decided to carry out a thorough review of the pilot phase of Operational Reserve Category II The Committee notes that an analysis of the pilot project will be presented to the Standing Committee in March 2006 , which will then make a recommendation on the possible need for the Operational Reserve Category II beyond the current trial period The Advisory Committee concurs with this course of action and requests that it be kept informed of decisions made regarding this matter The Advisory Committee was informed that at present personnel actions are largely executed manually Further streamlining and automation of administrative processes should therefore be pursued as a matter of high priority The Committee urges UNHCR to make all efforts to ensure that the modules of the MSRP are implemented according to the planned timeframe
?	keep.v	66	Welcomes the Declaration of the Presidents of South America , adopted at their second meeting , held in Guayaquil , Ecuador , on 27 July 2002 , in which they declared South America to be a zone of peace and cooperation ; Commends the decision of the States of South America to ban the use , or threat of use , of force among themselves in keeping with the principles and relevant provisions of the Charter of the United Nations and the Charter of the Organization of American States ; Also commends the decision of the States of South America to ban the siting , development , manufacture , possession , deployment , testing and use of any type of weapon of mass destruction , including nuclear , chemical , biological and toxic weapons , and their transport through the countries of the South American region , in accordance with the Treaty for the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons in Latin America and the Caribbean ( Treaty of Tlatelolco ) and other international conventions on the matter ;
?	keep.v	38	My delegation has shown great flexibility in order to reach a consensus text . Unfortunately , once again we are forced to note that the United States , the United Kingdom and their Kuwaiti agents have insisted on keeping this paragraph , which has no legitimacy , either legal or moral . The delegation of this country can not accept such a shameful text .
?	keep.v	27	Regional meetings will be held in Africa , Asia and Latin America . Uniform mapping methodologies and formats for GIS data will also be established , in keeping with the energy policy and land use planning needs of developing countries . The intention is for the final results of the project as a whole ( GEF-funded to the tune of $ 5 million ) to be integrated with the UNEP GEF ( GIS ) Web site , and for further services to be offered through the UNEP technology transfer clearing house .
?	keep.v	57	( a ) Contribute to the strengthening of the regional economy by sharing the best practices , operational experience and concrete achievements with respect to the process and implementation of economic reforms , stabilization policies and structural adjustment programmes in the countries of the ESCAP region ; ( b ) Institute a mechanism to monitor and to keep under surveillance the economic and financial situation of the countries of the region to provide information to members and associate members of ESCAP of impending crises in the region ; ( c ) Undertake in-depth research on effective , development-oriented and durable solutions to the challenges arising from globalization , particularly in the areas of trade , information technology , intellectual property rights and biotechnology and on options conducive to sustained economic growth , poverty eradication and sustainable development , in the economies of members and associate members of ESCAP ;
?	keep.v	51	Beginning with the October 1959 issue of the Journal , the method of production of copy for photo-offset reproduction was changed from varityping to hot typesetting . This resulted in an improved appearance , but was followed by an increase in printing cost that necessitated the institution of major economies to keep within the total of allocated funds . The use of 100 instead of 140 substance paper plus the adoption of side stapling beginning with the May 1960 issue reduced costs sufficiently to allow completion of the fiscal year with nearly $ 4000 in unexpended funds .
?	keep.v	76	The Cuban Government continues to take steps that clearly reflect its political will to fulfil the obligations undertaken as a State party to the NPT and the Tlatelolco Treaty for the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons in Latin America and the Caribbean . Since the entry into force of our Comprehensive Safeguards Agreement with the IAEA and its relevant Additional Protocol , my Government has continued to fulfil its obligations , reaffirming the will of Cuba to keep strengthening its cooperation with the IAEA in the development of the peaceful use of nuclear energy . Recently , Cuba participated actively and constructively in the International Conference of States Parties and Signatories of Treaties that Establish Nuclear-Weapon-Free Zones , as well as in the Review Conference of the States Parties to the NPT , which regrettably ended without agreement on substantive issues due to the lack of will of some nuclear-weapon States to take concrete steps towards disarmament .
?	keep.v	66	Regarding the financing of donor agreements ( regulation 2.2 F ( i ) ) , requests the Executive Director to establish guidelines containing elements such as standards for identifying and assessing risk factors , requirements for mitigating risk as a condition for approval , and limitations on the actual disbursement of cash prior to the receipt of contributions ; and Requests the UNFPA Executive Director to keep the financial regulations under active review and to consult accordingly with the Executive Board . 28 January 2005
?	keep.v	45	The model of this paper considers an industry which is not characterized by vigorous price competition , but which is so basic that its wage price policies are held in check by continuous critical public scrutiny . Where the industry 's product price has been kept below the `` profit maximizing '' and `` entry limiting '' prices due to fears of public reaction , the profit seeking producers have an interest in offering little real resistance to wage demands . The contribution of this paper is a demonstration of this proposition , and an exploration of some of its implications .
?	keep.v	42	The provisions in annex II , article 4 , of the Convention set out the time limit for the submission of a claim for an extended continental shelf by States . In June 2007 , States parties decided that the timeline be kept under review . Although Kenya is committed to making its submission within the timeline , we believe it should not be regarded as a deadline meant to penalize those States that ratified the Convention early .
?	keep.v	64	In some situations in the past , the United Nations — and the international community as a whole , including Africa — have not been able to meet the challenge of peace in Africa . In other , more recent cases , such as in Burundi , the United Nations did not seem ready to intervene , given the lack of a peace to keep . An African peacekeeping mission had to be deployed , with great difficulty , under the aegis of the African Union until the Security Council decided to authorize the deployment of a United Nations operation , which it ultimately did .
?	keep.v	49	We note in the Committee 's work schedule the fact that it will consider the organizational plan to be submitted by the Executive Director . In that respect , we are confident that members of the Council will discuss the plan in detail to ensure that it is in keeping with the Charter of the United Nations , other principles of the Organization and the mandate of the Committee . We also hope that they will discuss its financial aspects in the light of the financial rules and regulations of the United Nations .
?	keep.v	94	They include , inter alia , heavy machine guns , hand-held under-barrel and mounted grenade launchers , portable anti-aircraft guns , portable anti-tank guns , recoilless rifles , portable launchers of anti-tank missile and rocket systems , portable launchers of anti-aircraft missile systems , and mortars of a calibre of less than 100 millimetres. ” See the International Instrument to Enable States to Identify and Trace , in a Timely and Reliable Manner , Illicit Small Arms and Light Weapons , which , in its paragraph 12 , requires records on arms to be kept , to the extent possible , indefinitely , but , in any case , for at least 30 years , and all other records , including records of imports and exports for at least 20 years . Legislative Guide for the Implementation of the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and the Protocols thereto ( United Nations publication , Sales No. E.05.V.2 ) , p. 450 .
?	keep.v	33	France calls on the Israelis to refrain from any unilateral action that might prejudge the results of final status negotiations or undermine prospects for the creation of a viable Palestinian State . In keeping with the advisory opinion of the International Court of Justice , it must put an end to its settlement activities and to the building of the wall inside the West Bank . Finally , the conditions governing the movement of Palestinians within , between and to the Palestinian territories must improve pursuant to the Agreement on Movement and Access concluded in November 2005 and the Agreed Principles for the Rafah Crossing .
?	keep.v	64	I turn now to the question of the veto , which my delegation feels is intrinsically linked to that of the enlargement of the Council. It remains at the heart of the problem of Security Council reform and is clearly one of the most complex and controversial issues that we have to deal with in the framework of the restructuring of the Council . Keeping the right of veto has made the Security Council , whose decisions have world-wide scope and effects , a political instrument of the permanent members . Although the formal exercise of the veto has lessened since the end of the cold war , the simple threat of recourse to it has often been exploited by certain countries for their own interests , to the detriment of the preservation of international peace and security .
?	keep.v	31	Also at its 443rd meeting , the Committee considered an oral report by the Chairman on consultations with bodies concerning the utilization of the conference services available to them . In keeping with section II , paragraph 16 , of General Assembly resolution 56/242 , the Chairman of the Committee reported that he had sent letters to 11 intergovernmental bodies identified as having consistently utilized less than the applicable benchmark figure of their allocated resources during their previous three sessions and had held consultations with their chairpersons and secretaries in an effort to find new and innovative ways of harmonizing the factors of efficiency and the rational use of conference resources . In most cases , the main factor in a low utilization rate was the time lost owing to late starting and/or early ending of meetings .
?	keep.v	47	It was important that vulnerable groups should participate in development . High priority was given to the promotion and protection of the rights of children and to the development of children and youth , and a bureau for the rights of the child had been reactivated in keeping with the Convention on the Rights of the Child . Education was a key factor for achieving sustainable development , and his Government had formulated a programme for the development of human resources .
?	keep.v	17	Chapter VI of the Charter provides the framework . The Security Council is obliged not only to keep peace , but also to make peace , to build peace . The third objective , regarding the active participation of States , has already been addressed at length in the recent Conference .
?	keep.v	53	The right to work can also be negatively affected by lack of access to sanitation . Workplaces which do not provide sanitation facilities , which have prohibitively long waiting times for the use of facilities , or where employees are pressured not to interrupt work for toilet breaks , may prevent employees from keeping their jobs , or raise serious concerns about their right to work in safe and healthy working conditions . Women are particularly affected , especially during menstruation and pregnancy .
?	keep.v	42	In connection with the structural change focus has also been placed on the strategic analysis and development as well as the strategic communication seen in an international perspective . PET , thus , continuously looks for new international partners in order to keep developing communication with other states to improve the general view of the international security political situation in order to prevent terrorist attacks . Question 2
?	keep.v	66	The military values of landmines other than anti-personnel mines have been presented in the previous chapter . However , the risk of potential uncontrolled contamination of the territory of an armed conflict , especially in cases of internal armed conflicts is rather high , affecting mobility of non combatants , disrupting the road communications system , and exposing to loss valuable transport assets provided by peace keeping forces and humanitarian operators . Notwithstanding the problem of the detectability of landmines other than anti-personnel mines , mines equipped with sensitive fuses do not achieve their military objective and can also be accidentally initiated by persons or vehicles operating in their vicinity .
?	keep.v	7	And lots of hot pads ! Do keep the grill high enough above the fire so that when fat from meat drips down and flares up , flames cannot reach the meat . Do n't forget to have a supply of Melamine plates , bowls , cups , saucers , and platters for outdoor use .
?	keep.v	20	Discussions in the Board The Board took note of the estimated costs provided by the consulting actuary and agreed to keep the proposal under review and reconsider the matter on the occasion of the next actuarial valuation . E. FAR methodology and the impact of currency fluctuation on pension benefits
?	keep.v	90	Thirty techniques were developed for the processing and storage of farm products and production of mixed feeds ; 40 denominations of food products ( grain , meat , milk , fruit , etc. ) were created for the processing and food industries . The legal bases of the security of food production to protect human life and health , the legitimate interests of consumers and the environment in the territory of Kazakhstan are contained in the Food Products ( Safety ) Act of 21 July 2007 , which is in keeping with the corresponding rules of international practice ; the Act entered into force on 1 January 2008 . With a view to moving Kazakhstan closer to the international standards , from 2006 the subsistence minimum has been used as the core social indicator for revision of the amounts of social benefits .
?	keep.v	36	State encourages and supports scientific research and study in all fields . Despite the fact that Taliban destroyed and looted many historic relics and monuments of the country , the GoA is trying to reconstruct and keep the existing heritage . However , there are many problems in the area of participation in cultural life because of insecurity in many parts of the country .
?	keep.v	89	Agreeing that an active and flourishing civil society is essential to the political process , and expressing concern , in this respect , that opportunities for constructive public debate about the future of the island , within and between the communities , are becoming fewer , and that this atmosphere is hampering , in particular , efforts to foster bicommunal activities intended to benefit all Cypriots and to promote reconciliation and build trust in order to facilitate a comprehensive settlement , Reaffirming the importance of the Secretary-General continuing to keep the operations of the Force under close review while continuing to take into account developments on the ground and the views of the parties , and reverting to the Council with recommendations , as appropriate , for further adjustments to the mandate , force levels and concept of operation of the Force as soon as warranted , Welcoming the steps taken by Cyprus to address the living conditions of many troops of the Force ,
?	keep.v	15	External factors It is expected that the objectives will be achieved provided that all stakeholders keep to the necessary political and/or financial commitments . The increasing emphasis on the subnational level makes implementation dependent on the security situation in each particular region : differing security situations and accessibility across regions may cause uneven delivery .
?	keep.v	40	This link between the medium-term plan and the programme budget ensures a solid basis for the other phases of the programme planning , budgeting , monitoring and evaluation cycle . The Office of Internal Oversight Services confirmed that , in keeping with the responsibility of the Secretary-General to provide complete information in support of the financial aspects of his budget proposals , input data at the same level of detail was provided in the proposed programme budget for 2002-2003 , although the budget presentation had been reoriented towards a results-based format , including objectives , expected accomplishments and indicators of achievement . C. External factors : role and usage ( paras. 9 , 13 and 14 )
?	keep.v	54	With respect to narcotics control , the institutional framework in place provides for the convening of a National Drug Council , presided over by the Minister of the Interior and bringing together the authorities of the services involved in combating drug trafficking , to review public policy in this area . This is in keeping with the national strategy against drug use and trafficking . It also provides for periodic meetings of a Control Committee presided over by the Assistant Secretary of the Interior and comprising the directors of the services dealing with narcotics control , among them the Carabineros , the Policía de Investigaciones , the Customs Service , the Coastguard Service , the Directorate of Public Security and Information and the Public Health Institute .
?	keep.v	41	The General Assembly 's consideration of the Security Council 's annual report provides a good opportunity for the larger membership of the Organization to assess the work and performance of the Council during the period under review . That is in keeping with Articles 15 and 24 of the Charter of the United Nations , where it is stipulated that the Assembly shall receive and consider annual and special reports from the Council and that those reports shall include an account of the measures that the Council has decided upon or taken to maintain international peace and security . The report before us is a useful reference that summarizes the extensive work carried out by the Security Council over the period under review .
?	keep.v	84	Requests the funds , programmes and agencies of the United Nations system and invites financial institutions to support efforts to mainstream the goals of full and productive employment and decent work for all in their policies , programmes and activities , and in this regard invites stakeholders to duly take account of the International Labour Organization decent-work country programmes in order to achieve a more coherent and pragmatic United Nations approach to development at the national level on a voluntary basis ; Decides to keep full and productive employment and decent work for all under review , and requests the Secretary-General to submit a report on the implementation of the present resolution to the Commission for Social Development at its forty-seventh session and to the General Assembly at its sixty-fourth session as part of the report on the outcome of the implementation of the World Summit for Social Development and of the twenty-fourth special session of the Assembly . 42nd plenary meeting 24 July 2008
?	keep.v	40	The important role of the Department in the maintenance of peace and security , one of the priorities of the Organization , was reaffirmed . The presentation of the programme narrative of the section was welcomed , which was in keeping with the medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005 and with resolution 55/231 of 23 December 2000 on results-based budgeting . While appreciation was expressed for the simplicity of language of a number of expected accomplishments and indicators of achievement , the view was also expressed that some of the terminology used in the expected accomplishments and indicators could be better formulated and better harmonized with the text of the medium-term plan .
?	keep.v	69	Concerning the list of additional factors to be considered , the view was expressed that it might be deleted since it was not established practice to include illustrative examples in a codification text . Conversely , it was suggested that since the sentence in brackets set out criteria , rather than examples , and as any decision on the matter was inherently subjective , it would be useful to keep the sentence in brackets . ( c ) Special Rapporteur 's concluding remarks
?	keep.v	32	We are obviously aware of the difficulties involved in producing a report which goes beyond mere enumeration of the Council 's activities and meetings . Nonetheless , we encourage the Council to keep striving for a report that responds to the needs of Member States . That also applies to the subsidiary bodies of the Council whose work is hardly reflected in the report .
?	keep.v	29	The Government of the Republic of Bulgaria welcomes the adoption of Resolution 1373 ( 2001 ) by the United Nations Security Council . It has taken up and will keep on taking practical measures for its enforcement . Through various legislative and administrative measures , the Bulgarian state exerts effective control against the use of its territory by individuals and legal entities , planning , assisting , financing , or perpetrating terrorist acts against other countries or their citizens .
?	keep.v	17	( c ) Other services Most public agencies that provide services to women victims/survivors of violence routinely keep some statistics on the use of their services . The quality and quantity of data collection varies considerably , both in general and in relation to violence against women .
?	keep.v	37	The last act of the Yugoslav tragedy , an urgent solution for the Kosovo issue must be found . The Special Envoy of the Secretary-General , President Ahtisaari , has been working energetically to establish , in keeping with the established guidelines , the basis of the future status of Kosovo . The Troika of representatives from the European Union , the United States and Russia is also committed to a final attempt to bring the two parties together .
?	keep.v	100	I should like , first of all , to refer to my letter dated 26 March 2000 that recalled the mandate entrusted to the United Nations Iraq-Kuwait Observation Mission ( UNIKOM ) pursuant to Security Council resolutions 687 ( 1991 ) , paragraph 5 , and 689 ( 1991 ) . Among the duties included under this mandate were the obligation of the Mission to monitor the demilitarized zone between Iraq and Kuwait , observe any hostile or potentially hostile action mounted from the territory of one State against the other , to deter violations of the boundary and to keep the peace . The Security Council requested the Secretary-General to report to it regularly on the operations of the unit and to do so immediately if there are serious violations of the zone or potential threats to peace .
?	keep.v	76	While there are concerns about trends in official development assistance , many developed countries have actually stepped up their level of support for South-South cooperation through triangular arrangements in recent years , thus complementing and strengthening those partnerships . Support for South-South cooperation by developed countries is most evident in public efforts to implement agreements relating to debt relief , aid and other international initiatives to alleviate poverty in the world 's poorest countries , in keeping with the United Nations Millennium Declaration , the Monterrey Consensus , the Plan of Implementation of the World Summit on Sustainable Development ( Johannesburg Plan of Implementation ) and the São Paulo Consensus . More recently , development ministers of the Group of Eight , during a preparatory meeting for the Heiligendamm Summit in 2007 , conferred with development ministers from Brazil , China , India , Mexico and South Africa ( collectively referred to as Outreach 5 ) as well as a number of African organizations at the regional and subregional levels .
?	keep.v	23	Article 111 of the Labour Code embodies legal guarantees concerning the exercise of leave entitlements . When they are on leave , employees keep their posts , functions and average wage in the cases provided for in the Code , their employer may not cancel their contracts and disciplinary measures may not be taken against them . Periods of leave count towards the employee 's total time in employment , including in the case of specialized occupations .
?	keep.v	44	Our weapons production , our world prestige , our ideas of democracy , our actions of trust or stubbornness or secrecy or espionage ? We have staved off a war and , since our behavior has involved all these elements , we can only keep adding to our ritual without daring to abandon any part of it , since we have not the slightest notion which parts are effective . I think that we are here also talking of the kind of fear that a young boy has for a group of boys who are approaching at night along the streets of a large city .
?	keep.v	56	This arrangement takes account of the Government 's priorities , of the need to combat poverty and of good governance . At a meeting of donors to Burundi held at Bujumbura from 10 to 12 October 2001 the promises made at the donors conference held in Paris on 11 and 12 December 2000 were only partly kept . On the other hand , there have been many donors
?	keep.v	22	This is a 90-year-old network , which has had to face numerous challenges in the prophylactic area in recent years . In keeping with the principle of equal opportunity , all settlements have their own regional paediatric paramedic services . This gives all residents the opportunity to contact their regional paediatric paramedic and meet with him/her in their own home environment .
?	keep.v	95	On 21 November 2001 , the General Assembly adopted resolution 56/7 , entitled “ Zone of peace and cooperation of the South Atlantic ” , in which it took note of the report of the Secretary-General ( A/56/454 and Add.1 ) and requested the relevant organizations , organs and bodies of the United Nations system to render all appropriate assistance that States members of the zone might seek in their joint efforts to implement the declaration of the zone of peace and cooperation of the South Atlantic . The Assembly also requested the Secretary-General to keep the implementation of resolution 41/11 of 27 October 1986 and subsequent resolutions on the matter under review and to submit a report to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session , taking into account , inter alia , the views expressed by Member States . Pursuant to resolution 56/7 , the Secretary-General addressed a note verbale , dated 28 April 2003 , to the Governments of the States Members of the United Nations requesting their views on the implementation of the declaration of the zone of peace and cooperation of the South Atlantic .
?	keep.v	60	Such was the case with the proposal to renew the term of office of members with a view to ensuring greater stability in the composition of the Tribunal and allowing it to draw amply on the experience gained by its members in the first years of their terms . Likewise , changing the title of certain posts would be in keeping with the Tribunal 's jurisdictional function . Lastly , the procedure whereby the Tribunal could issue a joint statement in the event of disagreement among the members of a panel would prevent judgements from being issued by too small a group of judges .
?	keep.v	70	( b ) To continue to consider on a priority basis the question of the implementation of the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations related to assistance to third States affected by the application of sanctions under Chapter VII of the Charter by commencing a substantive debate on all of the related reports of the Secretary-General and the proposals submitted on the question ; ( c ) To keep in its agenda the question of the peaceful settlement of disputes between States ; ( d ) To continue to consider proposals concerning the Trusteeship Council in the light of the report of the Secretary-General submitted in accordance with General Assembly resolution 50/55 of 11 December 1995 , the report of the Secretary-General entitled “ Renewing the United Nations : a programme for reform ” and the views expressed by States on this subject at previous sessions of the Assembly ;
?	keep.v	36	• Some representatives called for more international and regional cooperation to present a collective response to the impact of the crisis on migrant workers , including a sharp decline in remittances . This partnership would include keeping migration open , monitoring the rights of migrants and discrimination against them , and reducing the cost of remittances . • In the view of some participants , the current crisis was threatening the development of developing countries beyond mere economic growth .
?	keep.v	50	All over the country , belly clubs have never been bigger , especially in Detroit , Boston and Chicago , and even in small towns ; one of the best dancers , a Turkish girl named Semra , works at a roadhouse outside Bristol , Conn. . The girls are kept booked and moving by several agents , notably voluble , black-bearded Murat Somay , a Manhattan Turk who is the Sol Hurok of the central abdomen . He can offer nine Turkish girls , plans to import at least 15 more .
?	keep.v	22	The Initiative made this call despite the expansionist culture of war being pursued by Israel . The Arab Peace Initiative is in keeping with the programme of action that we are now considering . Our Initiative was motivated by a desire for peace and recognition of the other side , but , in exchange , the occupation must end .
?	keep.v	45	During its consideration of the report , the Advisory Committee met with representatives of the Secretary-General , who provided additional information . The report of the Secretary-General is submitted in accordance with General Assembly resolution 56/237 , by which the Assembly decided to continue to keep the implementation of the Development Account under review and requested the Secretary-General to submit a report on the subject to the Assembly at its fifty-seventh session . The Advisory Committee welcomes the streamlining of the presentation for the Development Account .
?	keep.v	19	Requests the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly on this matter at its fifty-eighth session ; Decides to keep the matter under review and to include in the provisional agenda of its fifty-eighth session a sub-item entitled “ Preventing and combating corrupt practices and transfer of funds of illicit origin and returning such assets to the countries of origin ” under the item entitled “ Sectoral policy questions ” . 78th plenary meeting 20 December 2002
?	keep.v	69	It should be noted in this regard that proceeds and property liable to confiscation will frequently be deployed so as to produce income and other benefits ( e.g. illicit profits placed on deposit or invested in shares on which dividends are paid ) . While it may be argued that these benefits derive from lawful transactions , paragraph 5 of article 12 aims at ensuring that offenders do not keep the benefit of their use of illicit proceeds . On the question of whether their domestic legislation enabled , for the purpose of eventual confiscation , the identification , tracing , freezing or seizure of items liable to confiscation , all responding States reported that their legislation was in compliance with this requirement , except for Ecuador and Mexico , which reiterated , mutatis mutandis , the position indicated on the question of confiscation ( see paras. 57 and 59 above ) .
?	keep.v	50	Letter dated 7 June 2007 from the Chairman of the Committee As you are aware , the General Assembly , by its resolution 61/22 of 1 December 2006 , has again requested the Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People , “ to continue to keep under review the situation relating to the question of Palestine and to report and make suggestions to the General Assembly , the Security Council or the Secretary-General , as appropriate ” . By the same resolution , the Assembly requested the Secretary-General “ to continue to provide the Committee with all necessary facilities for the performance of its tasks ” .
?	keep.v	7	Comments of the Board The Board will keep this matter under review . Recommendation 9 ( h )
?	keep.v	25	The schedule is compressed. No more time can be wasted before the election . For the international community , there is now a peace to keep . The Pretoria Agreement calls for greater involvement by the United Nations in various aspects of the peace process .
?	keep.v	53	We would like to commend the Government of the Southern Sudan for facilitating the peace talks and , likewise , to commend the Government of Uganda for the role it has played . The negotiations will be difficult and setbacks are to be expected , but the international community should try everything to keep the talks alive by supporting the mediators , by contributing to a conducive environment , which includes financial contributions , and by making sure that neither side will be given an alibi for walking away from the negotiation table . To secure lasting peace , impunity must be addressed .
?	keep.v	33	Population growth is generally regarded as the single most important force driving increases in agricultural demand . While most recent expert assessments are cautiously optimistic about the ability of global food production to keep up with demand for the next quarter-century or half-century , food insecurity , associated with poverty , is projected to persist for hundreds of millions of people . Nonetheless , FAO concluded ( in an assessment prepared for the World Food Summit in 1996 ) that “ with regard to poverty alleviation and food security , the inability to achieve environmentally sound and sustainable food production is primarily the result of human inaction and indifference rather than natural or social factors ” ( Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations , 1996a ) .
?	keep.v	45	The measures having been identified , we have agreed that , once they are implemented by the Rwandan Government , the ICTR Prosecutor will consider submitting new requests to the judges early in 2009 for the referral of cases to Rwanda . We intend to keep on trying , because a successful referral programme to Rwanda is important for several reasons : it will cut down on the ICTR trial workload for 2009 and facilitate implementation of the completion strategy ; it will enable us to refer the cases of the fugitives and thus end 2009 without any fugitives on our list , except the three who have been earmarked for trial in Arusha . It could also facilitate the extradition of cases of suspected genocidaires from other countries to Rwanda , and thus avoid the creation of an impunity gap in the struggle to bring to justice those who are responsible for these kinds of offences .
?	keep.v	43	Cash contributions to the Trust Fund when not used will be placed in an interest-bearing account with the interest accruing to the Trust Fund . The Controller has designated the following bank account in which the resources of the Trust Fund shall be kept : Chase Manhattan Bank , N.A .
?	keep.v	65	Calls for the strengthening of the capacity of the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development , the Common Fund for Commodities and all relevant organizations to provide , and that of the developing countries to use , timely , accurate , comprehensive and user-friendly information and analysis ; Requests the Department of Public Information to undertake such initiatives and activities as are necessary to keep the commodities issue a high priority of Governments , the international community , media , academia and all relevant stakeholders ; Requests the Secretary-General to submit a report on the implementation of the present resolution to the Assembly at its fifty-ninth session .
?	keep.v	98	There is the case of Afghanistan , where NATO 's responsibility for the maintenance of security also complements the activities of the United Nations Assistance Mission in Afghanistan in peace-building efforts . In several African conflicts the presence of the African Union and the Economic Community of West African States in particular has brought into play the experience and knowledge on the ground of those who know the field and understand better than anyone else the demands of the local population , thus complementing the work of the United Nations both in exercising the necessary political leadership to keep the negotiations process on track and as regards the deployment of peacekeeping missions . Lastly , we should also mention the case of Bosnia and Herzegovina , where NATO — followed shortly afterwards , as has been pointed out today , by the European Union — has been implementing the mandate adopted by the Council , in a show of effective multilateralism with optimal cooperation between the Security Council and regional organizations .
?	keep.v	56	She expressed the hope that the State party , which acted as a pace-setter in the region , would withdraw its reservations to the Convention , thus sending an important signal not only to women in Jordan , but also in other Arab countries . She wished to encourage the Jordanian National Committee for Women to keep up its good work , focusing in particular on the areas she had highlighted . The Chairperson invited the members of the Committee to pose questions to the representative of Jordan on specific articles of the Convention .
?	keep.v	36	Restraint and greater openness , including various transparency measures , could help in this respect and contribute to the promotion of international peace and security . It was also observed that the United Nations , in keeping with its overall purposes and principles , had a legitimate interest in the field of arms transfers , recognized by the Charter of the United Nations , which referred specifically to the importance of the regulation of armaments for the maintenance of international peace and security . The report further observed that transparency measures concerning arms transfers were not in themselves measures of limitation or restriction , but they could in several ways promote and facilitate the introduction of unilateral or multilateral measures of restraint as well as help in the detection of arms transferred illegally .
?	keep.v	59	New Zealand congratulates the Director General and his staff on the professional manner in which they have undertaken their work . Finally , New Zealand would like to register its thanks and appreciation for the tireless and often unpaid work being done by non-governmental organizations ( NGOs ) in keeping information and debate flowing about these issues and for keeping up the pressure on Governments to take practical steps towards disarmament . New Zealand has now set aside annual funding to assist NGOs in implementing the recommendations of the United Nations study on disarmament and non-proliferation education ( A/57/124 ) which was presented to the Committee in 2002 .
?	keep.v	23	Endorses the conclusions and recommendations of the Committee contained in chapter VII of its report ; 1 Requests the Committee to continue to keep under review the situation relating to the question of Palestine and to report and make suggestions to the General Assembly or the Security Council , as appropriate ; Authorizes the Committee to continue to exert all efforts to promote the exercise of the inalienable rights of the Palestinian people , to make such adjustments in its approved programme of work as it may consider appropriate and necessary in the light of developments , to give special emphasis to the need to mobilize support and assistance for the Palestinian people and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-sixth session and thereafter ;
?	keep.v	46	Only yesterday the Council discussed the follow-up to the mission to West Africa and endorsed its recommendations . The message this mission conveyed to all its interlocutors remains the same — the Linas-Marcoussis Agreement has to be implemented , and the Security Council therefore intends to keep the developments in Côte d'Ivoire under close review . We thank the Prime Minister for the comprehensive briefing on the current situation .
?	keep.v	34	We welcome the Tribunal 's efforts to increase efficiency and to stay on course for meeting the completion strategy . The re-election of most of the Tribunal 's sitting judges last Friday will help keep things on track . However , what we heard this morning is a rather sobering account of the obstacles to keeping that strategy on course .
?	keep.v	73	That phrase was said to lend itself to a restrictive interpretation , for instance , if it were understood to mean that an arbitral tribunal could only order interim measures of protection that were directly related to the assets under dispute . In response to that proposal it was said that the phrase similar to the phrase in question had been used in article 26 of the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules and should be kept in draft article 17 for purposes of consistency . It was pointed out that , in the context of the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules , that phrase was meant to be liberally interpreted and , in practice , had not posed an obstacle to the exercise by arbitral tribunals of their power to order interim measures of protection that were appropriate to any given case .
?	keep.v	64	Also included are provisions for a “ green passport ” , a document to accompany the ship providing ship details and information on materials known to be potentially hazardous which have been utilized in the construction of the ship , its equipment and systems , including their quantity and location . The IMO Assembly in the resolution requested the Marine Environment Protection Committee to keep the matter of ship recycling under review with a view to further developing the guidelines in the future , including the possibility of developing a mandatory regime . Basel Convention on the Control of Transboundary Movement of Hazardous Wastes and their Disposal .
?	keep.v	17	A single integrated framework for enterprise risk management and internal control is proposed . This is in keeping with the current thinking on the convergence of risk management and internal control frameworks that are particular to an organization 's internal and external environment . Enterprise risk management would entail a systematic and holistic approach , based on externally developed international standards , to proactively identify , assess , evaluate , prioritize , manage and control risk across the United Nations so as to better achieve the Organization 's objectives. The proposed enterprise risk management and internal control framework would be guided by the following principles :
?	keep.v	55	Welcomes , in this regard , the accession by New Caledonia to the status of observer in the Pacific Islands Forum , continuing high-level visits to New Caledonia by delegations from countries of the Pacific region and high-level visits by delegations from New Caledonia to countries members of the Pacific Islands Forum ; Decides to keep under continuous review the process unfolding in New Caledonia as a result of the signing of the Nouméa Accord ; Requests the Special Committee to continue the examination of the question of the Non-Self-Governing Territory of New Caledonia and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session .
?	keep.v	20	Commending those countries that have recently abolished the death penalty , Welcoming the fact that many countries , while still keeping the death penalty in their penal legislation , are applying a moratorium on executions , Referring to the report of the Special Rapporteur on extrajudicial , summary or arbitrary executions ( E/CN.4/2000/3 ) , with respect to the Safeguards guaranteeing protection of the rights of those facing the death penalty , set out in the annex to Economic and Social Council resolution 1984/50 ,
?	keep.v	30	Undoubtedly , the situation is not as bad as during the first half of 2004 , when large-scale killing and mass displacements took place . Undoubtedly , the Government has kept quite a few of its promises . Pressure from the international community and the presence on the ground of African Union military observers have had some effect , but not enough .
?	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-ninth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Mission of Support in East Timor ” . 46th plenary meeting 29 October 2004
?	keep.v	59	Her terms of reference therefore include the following : ( a ) To continue to examine situations of extrajudicial , summary or arbitrary executions and to submit her findings on an annual basis , together with conclusions and recommendations , to the Commission , as well as such other reports as the Special Rapporteur deems necessary in order to keep the Commission informed about serious situations of extrajudicial , summary or arbitrary executions that warrant its immediate attention ; ( c ) To enhance further her dialogue with Governments , as well as to follow-up recommendations made after visits to particular countries ;
?	keep.v	131	At its fifty-fifth session , the General Assembly decided to base the scale of assessments for the period 2001-2003 on specified elements and criteria , and to fix those elements until 2006 , subject to the provisions of resolution 55/5 C , in particular paragraph 2 , and without prejudice to rule 160 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly ( resolution 55/5 B ) . At the same session , the Assembly established a reduced ceiling of 22 per cent for the assessed contribution of any individual Member State ; and decided to review the position at the end of 2003 and , depending on the status of contributions and arrears , to determine all appropriate measures to remedy the situation , including adjustments of the ceiling in keeping with its resolutions 52/215 A to D ( resolution 55/5 C ) . At its fifty-seventh session , the General Assembly endorsed the conclusions and recommendations of the Committee on Contributions concerning multi-year payment plans , as contained in paragraphs 17 to 23 of its report ( A/57/11 ) .
?	keep.v	32	- Attending to members ' welfare , such as salaries , allowances , provision of office accommodation for members , etc. ; - Organizing parliamentary committees and preparation of their business and keeping records and implementing the committee 's decisions ; - Scrutinizing bills from the Attorney General before tabling ;
?	keep.v	18	“ Article 26. Storage of industrial explosives . Restricted items that are not considered industrial explosives must be kept in a safe place to avoid the risk of accidents . In all cases , the Corps of Engineers of the Guatemalan army shall determine whether the restricted item should be stored in an authorized powder magazine , storage container , warehouse and/or storeroom ” .
?	keep.v	85	It had concluded that , should there be no improvement in the utilization statistics of the most consistent underutilizers , it would consider further steps to remedy the situation and make recommendations thereon to the General Assembly . With regard to changes to the methodology , the Committee considered that the utilization factor ( UF ) was clearly superior as an overall measurement of utilization to both the meeting ratio ( MR ) and the planning accuracy factor ( PAF ) and should thus be kept as the primary index . It had concluded , however , that further consideration should be given to the question of whether the PAF was a more meaningful index of measurement for those bodies that met virtually throughout the year and not just during the main part of the General Assembly .
?	keep.v	17	In the new , technology-enabled world , ICT plays an increasingly important role . In addition to keeping data centres up and running , ICT organizations must help other leaders see what is possible , and then drive that vision through an organization where change is often difficult . This requires sufficient authority , control of resources and full membership and participation in the Secretariat 's executive management team .
?	keep.v	46	The notion that the Cubans who are living in the United States support the embargo is erroneous ; I state that here . Only a corrupt and greedy minority that has not hesitated to organize and carry out terrorist actions against our people is interested in keeping the embargo in place . This minority dreams of Cuba 's return to the hands of United States troops ; it dreams of revenge and pillage .
?	keep.v	43	If changes are meant to reflect the membership of the time , let the change take place , as it should , for that matter . If changes are meant to be just cosmetic , then let us not waste our time and keep the status quo . If changes are meant yet again to increase the powers of those already powerful , then the exercise becomes irrelevant .
?	keep.v	36	Her question had been directed not at gifts to the United Nations by Governments but gifts to the Secretary-General personally . Like any other official of the United Nations , the Secretary-General was not permitted to keep gifts that were given him in that capacity . She wanted to know what they were and where they were kept .
?	keep.v	45	His Government 's position was backed by relevant United Nations resolutions as well as resolutions of other organizations such as the African Union and the League of Arab States , which all recognized the sovereignty of the Comoros over Mayotte . That stand was in keeping with international law , to which his Government was profoundly attached . Moreover , it was because of his Government 's belief in France 's commitment to the principles of international law that it favoured resolving the dispute between the two countries through a frank and constructive dialogue on the question .
?	keep.v	36	Thus , if we consider this very critical environmental element , which goes hand in hand with so-called economic development , the picture we see will be totally different from what we see today . In keeping with the principle of common but differentiated responsibilities , it is thus not fair to expect the developing nations to shoulder the full burden of responding to climate change impact . Historically , their contributions to climate change have been minimal , and they will continue to be so .
?	keep.v	122	Mr. Arias Cárdenas ( Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela ) ( spoke in Spanish ) : The Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela attaches particular importance to the reform of the United Nations in general , which is an essential process we firmly support due to the current need to democratize the Organization and to strengthen the General Assembly as the key deliberative , and most representative , body of the United Nations . In that regard , we support the speedy reform of the Security Council as a key component of the United Nations reform process , so as to make it more representative of the international community and reflective of modern geopolitical realities while giving it greater legitimacy and democratic spirit , in keeping with what was set out in the Millennium Declaration ( resolution 55/2 ) . Venezuela reaffirms that the membership of the Security Council must be expanded in both the permanent and non-permanent categories of membership , with the inclusion of developing countries among the new permanent members .
?	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its fifty-sixth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo ” . Twenty-second session of the Governing Council/
?	keep.v	33	These efforts will be continued in order to guarantee high quality child psychiatry reflecting the latest developments of medical progress . Regarding the recommendation to develop legislation on immigration and international protection in keeping with the principle of non refoulement , Luxembourg believed that its new legislation was in compliance with the principle of non refoulement both in terms of immigration legislation and also on the rights of asylum . Concerning the recommendation to halt the practice of freeing minors at borders , this practice did not exist in Luxembourg .
?	keep.v	50	The orientation team members have the function of supporting and following up the implementation of the inclusive culture , policies and practices followed by each school . They also lend support through strategies and mentoring of teachers to ensure that the educational response provided to students with disabilities is in keeping with their characteristics , needs and interests . Social and labour integration : This consists of facilitating the integration into the labour force of students with disabilities from special education schools at workshops in the community in order to continue developing their autonomy and facilitating their integration into society .
?	keep.v	51	It is crucial that we deny opportunities to those individuals who commit terrorist acts . All States must cooperate fully in accordance with international law to locate , capture , deny safe haven to and bring to justice , on the basis of the principle of prosecution or extradition and in keeping with their own national legislation , those who support or facilitate the financing , planning , preparation or commission of terrorist acts or the provision of safe haven , or who participate in or plan to participate in such acts . In that context , our delegation wishes to recall once again before this Council the extradition request that the Venezuelan Government submitted to the Government of the United States concerning Luis Posada Carriles , a known international criminal and terrorist , a fugitive from Venezuelan justice responsible for carrying out numerous terrorist plans , the most well known of which was the bombing of a Cubana de Aviación airplane over Barbados in 1976 , claiming 73 innocent lives .
?	keep.v	65	Regarding the financing of donor agreements ( regulation 2.2 F ( i ) ) , requests the Executive Director to establish guidelines containing elements such as standards for identifying and assessing risk factors , requirements for mitigating risk as a condition for approval , and limitations on the actual disbursement of cash prior to the receipt of contributions ; Requests the UNFPA Executive Director to keep the financial regulations under active review and to consult accordingly with the Executive Board . 28 January 2005
?	keep.v	41	There are serious doubts that the only operation supposedly aimed at arresting a fugitive , last April , was truly motivated by this objective . It is essential for the completion strategy and for the overall success of the Tribunal to keep strong pressure on the networks protecting the fugitives until all are in The Hague . Serbia and Montenegro has practically suspended any cooperation with the Tribunal .
?	keep.v	50	With due encouragement of the Government , Pakistani women are now venturing into courageous fields of defence , air & space . In this connection , it is worth mentioning that in the gender mainstreaming sphere , Pakistan has also contributed 35 female officers for even in the UN peace keeping operations . Political Empowerment of women in Pakistan through their placement in high positions of decision-making and participation in electoral positions at Federal , Provincial , and Local levels had also shown significant upward trend .
?	keep.v	83	In the light of those developments and once again reaffirming its adherence to the settlement plan for Western Sahara proposed by the United Nations and the Organization of African Unity , in June 2001 the Frente POLISARIO had presented to the Secretary-General a set of proposals designed to assist in overcoming the obstacles , real or artificial , which were used as a pretext to delay the holding of the referendum at the time planned . If those proposals , which were in keeping with the settlement plan , were given honest and objective consideration , the Secretary-General and the Security Council would be able to use them to move the process of the implementation of the settlement plan forward . The Frente POLISARIO believed that new approaches could and should be used to overcome the obstacles which were delaying the process of the implementation of the settlement plan , but such efforts should be in keeping with , and not contrary to , the settlement plan .
?	keep.v	17	The position of Ukraine on the Nagorno-Karabakh conflict remains unchanged . We have been always advocating and keep advocating for its earliest peaceful settlement on the basis of universally recognized norms and principles of the international law , sovereignty , territorial integrity of the Republic of Azerbaijan , inviolability of the internationally recognized borders . We believe that relevant resolutions of the United Nations Security Council and the decisions of OSCE should be duly observed and implemented .
?	keep.v	56	The Commission had embarked on its new quinquennium with energy and enthusiasm , setting itself an ambitious agenda with a view to completing one or two sets of draft articles by the end of the period , while making progress on all of its topics , including the new ones . It would also continue to keep its methods of work under review with the aim of improving its productivity without affecting the quality of the outcome . Agenda item 157 : Report of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country ( A/57/26 )
?	keep.v	81	Were the General Assembly to adopt formal procedures for voluntary plans , it might encourage more Member States to adopt such plans as a concrete sign of their commitment to meeting their financial obligations to the United Nations in full . Formal guidelines and procedures for the adoption of such voluntary plans could also facilitate regular reporting in the context of periodic reports on the status of assessed contributions. This , in turn , might encourage the Member States concerned to keep to the schedules laid out in their respective plans . In addition , it should be noted that two of the Member States that requested exemption under Article 19 in 2001 announced schedules for the payment of their arrears .
?	keep.v	54	The Supreme Council for Women , through a joint committee with the Ministry of Housing , endeavours to implement Decree No. 12 and to resolve the problems that women face in this domain . The Supreme Council for Women is opposed to the idea of a parliamentary quota , as it is not in keeping with the Constitution of Bahrain . However , it supports any measures to promote women 's advancement in politics , the media and finance by strengthening women 's capacities and political skills and giving them certain privileges and opportunities to increase their ability to compete and to overcome obstacles and challenges .
?	keep.v	79	The Commission recalled that , at its thirty-ninth session ( spring 1994 ) , it had decided that the movement of the weighted average of tax abatements and social legislation payments at the headquarters duty stations used for the establishment of the children 's allowance should be applied to adjust the secondary dependant 's allowance . Since there was no change in the children 's allowance , it was agreed that the secondary dependant 's allowance should also be kept at its present level . Decision of the Commission
?	keep.v	37	However , some countries maintain stocks in other countries , and these should be accounted for somehow . The important issue is that there be agreement on how to treat these stocks and that the definitions be kept under control . An easy solution would be to base this on the national account definitions , which are already internationally approved .
?	keep.v	114	The articles 42 to 46 of the Family law regulate personal rights and duties of marital partners , so it is prescribed that marital partners are equal in marriage , that they are responsible to mutually help and respect one another , to determine their place of residence by mutual consent , decide by mutual consent on the raising of their children , and how they would organize their relationship and perform joint work related to marital , that is , family community , and that marital partners also agree on their last names , so that : the last name be the last name of one of them , or they can both keep their own last names ; each marital partner can add the last name of his or her marital partner to his or her own last name :
?	keep.v	110	The Committee reiterates its recommendation that the federal , provincial and territorial governments address homelessness and inadequate housing as a national emergency by reinstating or increasing , where necessary , social housing programmes for those in need , improving and properly enforcing anti-discrimination legislation in the field of housing , increasing shelter allowances and social assistance rates to realistic levels , and providing adequate support services for persons with disabilities . The Committee urges the State party to implement a national strategy for the reduction of homelessness that includes measurable goals and timetables , consultation and collaboration with affected communities , complaints procedures , and transparent accountability mechanisms , in keeping with Covenant standards . The Committee strongly recommends that , before forced evictions are carried out , the State party take appropriate measures , legislative or otherwise , to ensure that those affected by forced evictions are provided with alternative accommodation and thus do not face homelessness , in line with the Committee 's general comment No. 7 ( 1997 ) on the right to adequate housing ( article 11 ( 1 ) of the Covenant ) : forced evictions .
?	keep.v	76	( 10 ) For example , when Finland acceded to the 1993 Protocol on Road Markings , additional to the European Agreement supplementing the Convention on Road Signs and Signals of 1968 , on 1 April 1985 , it formulated a reservation to a technical provision of the instrument. Ten years later , on 5 September 1995 , Finland declared that its reservation also applied to a situation other than that originally mentioned : “ In keeping with the practice followed in similar cases , the Secretary-General proposed to receive the modification in question for deposit in the absence of any objection on the part of any of the Contracting States , either to the deposit itself or to the procedure envisaged . None of the Contracting Parties to the Protocol having notified the Secretary-General of an objection within a period of 90 days from the date of its circulation ( on 20 December 1995 ) , the said modification was accepted for deposit upon the expiration of the above-stipulated 90-day period , that is , on 19 March 1996. ”
?	keep.v	81	Accordingly , he advised the Commission not to relax its monitoring of the situation , as any crisis might mean an immediate regression , depriving the population of all legal protection , and pose the risk of a return to practices that violate human rights , especially torture of detainees , arbitrary detention and limitations on the parties ' political action ” ( E/CN.4/1999/41 , para . In resolution 1999/19 of 23 April 1999 , the Commission decided to continue to keep the human rights situation in Equatorial Guinea under review through a special representative entrusted with the task of monitoring the situation in order to submit to the Commission a report which would also include recommendations on the implementation of the programme of technical assistance for the country . Also at its fifty-fifth session in 1999 , the Commission decided to limit the
?	keep.v	75	An example is the recent circulation , together with a group of countries , of a draft resolution to be negotiated during the next session of the General Assembly , inspired by the initiative for the conclusion of an arms trade treaty . We believe it is possible to achieve not only greater transparency in the acquisition of conventional weapons but also the devising of common understandings to ensure that such acquisitions take place in keeping with applicable international law . My delegation is not demanding when it comes to evaluating the way or methodology by means of which the Conference on Disarmament should work in order to identify and , if appropriate , adopt additional measures to move forward in the field of transparency in armaments or any other item on the agenda of our Conference .
?	keep.v	52	In order to overcome the existing situation , the Ministry for Human Rights and Refugees undertook a number of activities to establish a singe database . Gender centres meet regularly with statistics institutes representatives , pointing at a need for keeping certain statistics and their classification by gender ( e.g. statistics institutes keep statistics on numbers of criminal verdicts or on numbers of managers of education , health care and other institutions , but the results are not classified by gender ) . Gender centres launched a number of researches - the most important was the B-H Gender Barometer - conducted by statistics institutes , but the practice has not become the regular task .
?	keep.v	31	This rule , combined with the one in article 79 ( a ) , is reproduced in draft guideline 2.1.6 . This same draft implies also that the depositary receives and keeps custody of reservations ; it therefore seems unnecessary to mention this expressly . It goes without saying that the general provisions of article 77 , paragraph 2 , relating to the international character of the functions of depositaries and their obligation to act impartially apply to reservations as to any other field .
?	keep.v	42	Proposal submitted by the Rio Group Reform processes of international organizations generally involve or imply a review of its legal aspects in the interests of preserving the essence and structure of the constitutional or founding instrument , and of achieving results in keeping with international law . In line with that premise , and also considering the Organization 's relevance in an evolving world , United Nations reforms , other than in exceptional cases , can not be exempt from appropriate legal review that sheds light on their conformity with the Charter of the United Nations and the international rule of law .
?	keep.v	45	It asserted that it was not permitted to re-export some of its machinery and equipment , which was “ left unattended in our construction sites in Iraq ” . However , in the Statement of Claim , Hasan stated that the machinery and equipment was kept in Iraq to be used if new work was to be undertaken . Analysis and valuation
?	keep.v	62	Property management ( g ) Ensure that programme managers include and report all non-expendable property acquired by outposted offices in their inventory reports in the period in which it was acquired and coordinate with the Procurement , Travel and Shipping Section of the United Nations Office at Nairobi in conjunction with the Accounts Section of the Budget and Financial Management Service to keep track of the acquisitions of outposted offices ( para. 64 ) ; Human resources management
?	keep.v	130	If it turns out that UMMOVIC inspectors have been prevented from doing their job and if their chief or the Executive Director of the International Atomic Energy Agency can establish that in a sure and irrefutable way and so notify the Security Council , only then should the Council decide on a position to adopt in the face of such a situation . It is Algeria 's hope that the Security Council — which has a daunting mandate of watching over the preservation of international peace and security and which is thus the central pillar of the collective security system established at the end of the second world war and therefore the only body authorized to decide on recourse to force — will be able to assume its responsibilities in keeping with the provisions of the Charter and international legality , so that Iraq and the entire Middle East will be spared the scourge of war . At the Beirut Summit , which cemented reconciliation between Kuwait and Iraq , we called on the parties to work to resolve their outstanding disputes .
?	keep.v	51	Thanks to gender-responsive Government policy and persistent civil society advocacy , many local governments had taken part in the gender equality campaign , but it was difficult to persuade local officials to redesign their programmes within a gender framework in places dominated by patriarchal values , patronage and corruption . In keeping with article 4 , NCRFW and the Department of Budget and Management had issued two joint circulars to institutionalize gender mainstreaming in local government activities and budgeting processes . Another circular to local governments called for women to be involved in development planning by means of councils representing different community sectors .
?	keep.v	90	Insufficient funding or programming is directed at addressing gender inequality , stigma and discrimination and violence against women and girls , all of which increase their vulnerability to HIV infection and to the impact of AIDS ” ( A/61/816 , para . Recognizing the vulnerabilities of people when they move within and across borders due to conflict or natural disasters or for economic reasons , if countries are to make progress in achieving Millennium Development Goal 6 of halving HIV , tuberculosis , malaria and other diseases , and to keep to the Declaration of Commitment on HIV adopted at the twenty-sixth special session , no nation can reach the targets without universal access to HIV prevention , treatment , care and support both for its own citizens and for people within its territory . Today , with the support of several major global initiatives — including the Global Fund to fight HIV/AIDS , Tuberculosis and Malaria , the United States President 's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief , and others — a significant gap remains to be filled : access and continuity of services for populations on the move through communities of origin , transit , destination and return .
?	keep.v	52	UNCTAD was in the best position to support developing countries in the effort to incorporate the development dimension in the multilateral and regional trade negotiations . Some issues , because of their complexity and relevance for developing countries , deserved special attention , including energy services , and she encouraged UNCTAD to keep working on that topic . UNCTAD should also support developing countries in the ongoing GATS negotiations , and especially in the request and offer process , to ensure that the liberalization of services markets would be linked to the strengthening of supply and export capacities in developing countries .
?	keep.v	37	Introduction This report is submitted in compliance with the request of the Security Council contained in the statement issued by its President on 26 September 2001 ( S/PRST/2001/25 ) , whereby the Council members requested me to keep them regularly informed about the situation in the Central African Republic and the activities of the United Nations Peacebuilding Support Office in the Central African Republic ( BONUCA ) . This regular report covers the period from January to June 2006 . Political situation
?	keep.v	32	It was intended that this particular issue of the revitalization or effectiveness of the working methods of the Commission would be discussed at that session . That is why we wanted to keep the reference to 2006 . Egypt , then , is proposing that the paragraph should start ,
?	keep.v	48	The twenty-first century should be devoted to making freedom universal and consolidating economic development , but above all , to creating an opportunity for social justice , international cooperation , equitable relations among nations and the eradication of poverty . Since the beginning of my administration and in keeping with that idea , I have advocated a globalization that is tempered by justice and focused on fulfilling the basic needs of all human beings and their right to happiness . At my inauguration in May 2002 , I noted that just a few years earlier , when I began to speak of the need to globalize justice and to humanize globalization , some skeptics considered me a lonely voice crying out in a desert of fierce competition .
?	keep.v	54	The freedom to formulate a reservation did not mean that States were free to make reservations incompatible with the object and purpose of the treaty , as such reservations would jeopardize the effectiveness of the treaty and undermine its integrity , particularly in the case of multilateral standard-setting treaties . That position was in keeping with article 19 ( c ) of the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties . However , if a State did formulate a reservation incompatible with the object and purpose of the treaty , such a reservation should be considered null and void and should not be subject to the system of acceptance provided for in article 20 , paragraph 4 , of the Vienna Convention .
?	keep.v	87	There is no progression in the pension of an ICTR judge who falls into this category , no matter how long he serves ; his pension is fixed at $ 37 , 000.00 for a four-year term , even if he serves five , six , seven , eight or nine years . His pension after six years service is approximately $ 19 , 000.00 less than that of the ICJ judge with the same length of service — again , a situation that is not in keeping with the statutory requirement that his conditions of service be the same as those of the ICJ judge . Moreover , the freezing of the pension of a judge who did not come into office prior to 1 January 1999 at approximately $ 37 , 000.00 also effects an internal inequality between judges of ICTR .
?	keep.v	9	Article 2 Concerning the title , New Zealand proposed keeping the word “ individual ” while China supported its deletion . With regard to paragraph 1 , several delegations suggested retaining “ within ” the jurisdiction , while others favoured the wording “ subject to ” .
?	keep.v	35	We would like also to extend our warmest compliments to the facilitator , Mr. Carlos Ruíz of Mexico . In addition , we would like to thank all negotiation partners for the constructive spirit that kept up the momentum and enabled us to reach consensus on this important issue . The European Union hopes that this positive approach will also facilitate a timely agreement on the remaining questions during the resumed session of the Economic and Social Council and promote our efforts to adapt the work of the Council .
?	keep.v	53	With regard to the issue of security assurances , South Africa believes that genuine security can not be achieved solely through the option of the non-nuclear-weapon States abandoning the nuclear weapons . Security assurances rightfully belong to those States that have forsworn the nuclear-weapons option as opposed to those that still prefer to keep their options open . The NPT is the primary international legal instrument in terms of which the non-nuclear-weapon States have foregone the nuclear-weapons option .
?	keep.v	46	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of programmes of assistance to the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations resolutions and decisions relating to decolonization , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly ,
?	keep.v	55	This is largely because of the unpredictability of the man who operates the helm of the state government and is the elected leader of its two million inhabitants - Gov. Ross Barnett . Barnett , who came into office with no previous experience in public administration , has surrounded himself with confusion which not only keeps his foes guessing but his friends as well . Consequently , it is uncertain after nearly 12 months in office just which direction the Barnett administration will take in the coming year .
?	keep.v	68	Article 15 designates the Secretary-General of the United Nations as depositary of the Convention . The depositary is entrusted with the custody of the authentic texts of the Convention and of any full powers delivered to the depositary , and performs a number of administrative services in connection therewith , such as preparing certified copies of the original text ; receiving signatures to the Convention and receiving and keeping custody of any instruments , notifications and communications relating to it ; informing the Contracting States and the States entitled to become Contracting States of acts , notifications and communications relating to the Convention . References to preparatory work :
?	keep.v	68	This was done to assess the situation of the women and in some cases , advice and assistance was offered to those wishing to leave their abductors . In November 2001 , the UNAMSIL Human Rights Section provided substantive support to the team from the Training and Evaluation Service of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations ( DPKO ) , which conducted a two-week training on gender in peace keeping . The programme involved over 1 , 000 UNAMSIL peacekeepers and civilian personnel from both Freetown and the provinces .
?	keep.v	47	It is precisely those groups that provoked the disturbances in Pristina and a number of other places by protesting legitimate actions taken by UNMIK and KFOR police to arrest former KLA commanders and people who had committed serious crimes . We are convinced that , strictly in keeping with resolution 1244 ( 1999 ) , UNMIK should continue to take robust action to restore order in the province and to establish law and order . In that regard , UNMIK should staunchly protect its staff from all kinds of insinuation and should counter any attempts to discredit them , including politically motivated attempts .
?	keep.v	15	The focus is on risk factors and the importance of early detection . Cuba has kept a national cancer register since 1964 , and the Programme for Early Detection of Uterine-Cervical Cancer was set up in 1967 . Early diagnosis is conducted by smear-testing women aged over 25 , every three years .
?	keep.v	46	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of programmes of assistance to the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations resolutions and decisions relating to decolonization , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly ,
?	keep.v	37	Outstanding assessed contributions were also higher than in previous years . Although the allotments for the Regular Programme for Technical Cooperation and Special Resources for Africa had been issued in full , there was a need to keep the working capital and other related resources of the Organization afloat to enable UNIDO to fulfil its mandate without delay . He called upon Member States and donors still in arrears to settle their debts as soon as possible .
?	keep.v	47	( b ) Noted that all assets , liabilities , reserves and fund balances that were in Austrian schillings would be converted into euros by applying the fixed rate of ATS 13.7603 = €1 ; ( c ) Also took note that the Director-General would continue to keep extrabudgetary accounts in United States dollars , if required , but would convert all such assets , liabilities , reserves and fund balances for the purposes of the financial statements at the United Nations euro/dollar exchange rate in effect on the date of the statement ; ( d ) Decided to convert all dollar-based amounts of the assets , liabilities , reserves and fund balances of the General Fund , Working Capital Fund and other headquarters funds as at 31 December 2001 , using the December 2001 United Nations euro/dollar exchange rate .
?	keep.v	95	In conclusion , I would like to pay tribute to my Special Representative , Albert Tévoédjrè , as well as the civilian and military personnel of MINUCI and the United Nations country team , for the contribution they are making to the efforts to restore lasting peace in Côte d'Ivoire . I also wish to commend the ECOMICI and Licorne forces for their indispensable role in stabilizing the country , as well as the humanitarian community for the critical work they are performing and the ECOWAS leaders , who have played a key role in keeping the peace process on track . In the absence of the President , Mr. Lamba ( Malawi ) , Vice-President , took the Chair .
?	keep.v	29	Recommendations under implementation The Board notes that action is ongoing by the United Nations Office for Project Services ( UNOPS ) in respect of the following recommendations and will keep these matters under review . The Board has included comments , where appropriate .
?	keep.v	14	Farmers ' profitability does not depend solely on the level of commodity prices . Keeping production costs low is also a key to profitability and , therefore , the sustainability of agriculture . Among those costs are those related to meeting government regulations , certification and the conservation of natural resources .
?	keep.v	52	It says that legislative content and procedure are out of date , and no gender perspective is being incorporated into discussions of the problem although it is acknowledged that the main victims are women . As far as access to justice in cases of sexual violence is concerned , the notion of keeping the family together takes precedence over individuals ' human rights , and there is a preference for conciliation and mediation . CLADEM is also concerned that marital rape is not covered by legislation and that only sexual abuse is classified as an offence , not sexual harassment .
?	keep.v	142	( i ) Acknowledges with appreciation the burden that continues to be shouldered by developing and least developed countries hosting refugees , and urges Member States to recognize this valuable contribution to the protection of refugees and to participate in efforts to promote burden sharing and durable solutions ; and further acknowledges the valuable contribution of resettlement countries to providing durable solutions for refugees ; ( j ) Urges Member States , in the light of the extensive needs to be addressed by the Office of the High Commissioner , to respond generously and in a spirit of solidarity , and in a timely manner , to his appeal for resources to meet in full the approved 2008-2009 Biennial Programme Budget ; and to support initiatives to ensure that the Office is resourced in a better and more predictable manner , while keeping “ earmarking ” to a minimum level . Decision on the programme of work of the Standing Committee in 2009
?	keep.v	76	Baroness Amos ( United Kingdom ) : May I first express my appreciation to the presidency of the Government of Mauritius and in particular to you , Sir , for the initiative and effort which has been put into organizing this Security Council debate on conflict in Africa . We need such debates in order to maintain the focus of the world 's attention on African conflicts , even amid other fast-moving events , and to keep pressing for better solutions to a very grave problem . This is the second consecutive African presidency of the Council , and we welcome the hard work that both Mali and Mauritius have done in keeping the issue of conflict in Africa high on the international agenda , where , unfortunately , it needs to be .
?	keep.v	46	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of programmes of assistance to the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations resolutions and decisions relating to decolonization , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly ,
?	keep.v	18	Consequently , parties should be allowed to derogate from most provisions . His delegation had no objection to keeping draft article 3 as it stood . However , if the scope of party autonomy was to be restricted , the final provisions under chapter IV should be made non-derogable , since it would be anomalous to allow parties to derogate from matters that were effectively public policy .
?	keep.v	28	Indeed , change has been our métier since our earliest days . We all look forward to wise decisions in the days ahead that will enable us to keep it so for the future . Mr. Dauth ( Australia ) : I have the honour to address the Assembly on behalf of Canada , New Zealand and Australia .
?	keep.v	62	The law additionally establishes regulatory authority within the Banking Commission , relaxes secrecy obligations under all laws of RMI , and provides mechanisms for forfeiture and confiscation of tainted assets , exchange of information and international cooperation . In September 2002 , amendments were made to the Anti-money laundering Act , to remove the $ 10 , 000 threshold for transaction record keeping and to provide for the reporting of large currency transactions ( over $ 10 , 000 ) and civil money penalty . Implementing regulations have been promulgated and have also accounted for the latest amendments to the AML law .
?	keep.v	55	- recognizing that serious nuclear proliferation events have occurred since the end of the 2000 Review Conference ; - stressing the need to strengthen the role of the United Nations Security Council , as final arbiter , in order that it can take appropriate action in the event of non-compliance with NPT obligations , in keeping with the Statute of the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) , including the application of safeguards ; - drawing attention to the potential implications for international peace and security of withdrawal from the NPT .
?	keep.v	51	This could be dealt with by , for instance , including the prioritized emerging policy issues in a resolution or a chair 's statement on further action to be taken . Remaining emerging policy issues could be considered in less detail and referred for advice or action to another body , kept under review by the Conference or simply noted as appropriate . The Conference at its second session would also consider a longer-term procedure for the modalities of carrying out its functions with regard to emerging policy issues , which would include revised criteria for priority setting to be developed as necessary .
?	keep.v	58	Absolute equality between women and men was enshrined in the Constitution and a major reform of civil , commercial and penal laws was under way with a view to implementing that equality and bringing laws into harmony with modern times . Thus , for example , it could be expected that a new Family Law Code more in keeping with modern standards would be enacted . It had been asked whether article 8 of the Constitution was effective in light of the 1962 law providing for application of custom in certain family law matters .
?	keep.v	36	The Board notes that action is ongoing by the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Fund ( UNJSPF ) in respect of the following recommendations . The Board has included comments , where appropriate , and will keep these matters under review . Comment .
?	keep.v	54	What is the Secretary-General 's view about the time required for the inspection teams to make sure that Iraq does not have weapons of mass destruction and to inform the Security Council of this fact ? What methods is the United Nations thinking of using in this respect and how far are they in keeping with the related international accords ? How would inspectors from States which are declaring their intention to threaten Iraq 's national security , invade it and change its regime , apply their international , unbiased mandate on Iraq or respect the Security Council 's resolutions and their duties under the Charter ?
?	keep.v	60	Bearing in mind the recent developments and initiatives at the international , regional and subregional levels to prevent and suppress international terrorism , Recalling its decision in resolutions 54/110 of 9 December 1999 , 55/158 of 12 December 2000 and 56/88 that the Ad Hoc Committee established by General Assembly resolution 51/210 of 17 December 1996 should address , and keep on its agenda , the question of convening a high-level conference under the auspices of the United Nations to formulate a joint organized response of the international community to terrorism in all its forms and manifestations , Noting regional efforts to prevent , combat and eliminate terrorism in all its forms and manifestations , wherever and by whomsoever committed , including through the elaboration of and adherence to regional conventions ,
?	keep.v	52	It was felt that the package represented both the highest level of uniformity that was achievable and a significant improvement over the current system . With specific reference to section I of document A/CN.9/WG.III/WP.34 ( “ Scope of application and performing parties ” ) , the Working Group heard that , in keeping with the overall proposal ( which was referred to by its proponents as a “ compromise position ” ) , support was given to door-to-door coverage of the draft instrument on a limited network basis as currently set out in the draft instrument . However , it was recommended that the treatment of performing parties be altered so that only maritime performing parties , generally those who would have been covered in a port-to-port instrument , such as stevedores and terminal operators , and ocean carriers would be covered by the draft instrument .
?	keep.v	70	In that connection , the view was expressed that reference to “ preparatory work ” did not seem appropriate in the light of the special nature of unilateral acts and the fact that the author State would decide what kind of background information could be provided . The point was also made that draft article 7 , as proposed by the Special Rapporteur , was of crucial importance and in keeping with the determination of the binding nature of unilateral acts by the International Court of Justice in the Nuclear Tests case . At the same time , the binding nature of unilateral acts was subject to conditions of validity and causes of invalidity .
?	keep.v	41	The complainant remained in detention due to his personal circumstances and to the risk that he would go into hiding or engage in criminal activities in Sweden if released . The complainant challenged the decision of the Minister of Justice to keep him in detention but the Administrative Supreme Court upheld the decision on 27 March 2006 . A new application for asylum under the temporary wording of the 1989 Aliens Act was also rejected without having been considered on the merits .
?	keep.v	31	France is associated with the guidelines and programmes developed by the Department of Peacekeeping Operations ( DPKO ) . We have prepared national programmes based on long-term strategies that are in keeping with resolution 1308 ( 2000 ) . Prophylactic measures based on a set of individual and collective steps — and essentially on the effectiveness of training , prevention , detection and voluntary confidential counselling — today constitute one of the most important aspects of training armed forces for peacekeeping operations .
?	keep.v	31	Management of back-ups The Board noted certain weaknesses regarding the management of back-ups , such as that they were not stored in an off-site location ; no register of back-ups was kept ; and evidence that back-ups were regularly tested did not exist . Without proper back-up management , the Agency has no way of ensuring that data could be successfully restored or that the Agency would have access to the back-ups .
?	keep.v	34	The new comprehensive publication will present recent advances in marine science , States ' practice , challenges in the implementation of the relevant provisions of UNCLOS and practical guidance , where appropriate . In keeping with the practice developed when preparing the first publication , the Division intends to convene a meeting of a group of experts in early 2009 , to discuss and provide comments on a draft to be prepared by the Division with the assistance of a consultant . Pursuant to IOC Assembly resolution XXIV-12 , which authorized the Advisory Body of Experts on the Law of the Sea to contribute to the updating of the Division 's 1991 publication , the IOC secretariat has indicated its willingness to collaborate with the Division , as required .
?	keep.v	25	UNMIBH has an achievable strategy . We believe that we can complete our core mandate by the end of next year , provided that we keep a full team of the 1 , 850 international police officers until at least July 2002 and that we find the relatively modest additional funding for the State Border Service and basic police equipment . We can not get out , in a sense , without getting in , but I see no other organization with a similar strategy or vision .
?	keep.v	86	XI.4 The Advisory Committee sought an explanation as to the criteria for placing projects either in the category of alterations and improvements or in the category of major maintenance . It was informed that , in general , capital-intensive projects of a structural nature which would substantially alter or improve the facilities are classified under alterations and improvements , while projects to repair or replace existing installations ( heating , ventilation and air conditioning , electrical , plumbing , carpentry , etc. ) in order to keep properties in good working order are classified under major maintenance . The Secretariat also indicated that as technology changes , the replacement of existing installations often involves the introduction of new features and substantial improvements to facilities , thereby blurring the distinction between the two categories .
?	keep.v	44	With reference to TIHR , AI noted that “ children of non-titular nations ( non-Turkmen nationals ) suffered from the declining and virtually non-existent opportunities to study in their native language ” . Ethnic minorities are often required to learn Turkmen in order to keep their jobs or to find employment , according to AI . With reference to TIHR , AI noted that the state does not offer language instruction for ethnic minorities and many can not afford private tutors .
?	keep.v	53	At the same time , it also clearly specifies the obligations of the United States and South Korea as the parties responsible for the denuclearization of the entire Korean peninsula . As we have clarified more than once , there will be no need for the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea to keep a single nuclear weapon if relations are normalized between our country and the United States , bilateral confidence is built and the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea is not exposed to the United States nuclear threat any longer . What is most essential at this stage is for the United States to provide light-water reactors to the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea as soon as possible as evidence of the former 's substantial recognition of the latter 's right to peaceful nuclear activities .
?	keep.v	60	The view was that , since the draft instrument applied to the contract of carriage of the goods , the carrier was under an obligation to exercise due diligence with respect to each contract of carriage . An additional suggestion made was that the carrier 's duty to “ properly and carefully load , handle , stow , carry , keep , care for and discharge the goods ” in draft article 11 would provide for sufficient continuing responsibility of the carrier . Although there was strong support in favour of making the obligation of seaworthiness a continuing obligation , it was acknowledged that making the obligation a continuing one might be interpreted as significantly changing the allocation of risk in the draft instrument .
?	keep.v	108	• Proposal 1. Three months prior to the opening of the session , a planning meeting or an equivalent exchange of communications should be held between the servicing secretariat and the substantive department , on the one hand , and representatives of the Department of General Assembly Affairs and Conferences Services , on the other , to review documentation forecasts , bearing in mind the 10-week rule for document submission and the requirement to issue a document on the status of documentation . • Proposal 2. Substantive departments should prepare forecasts of the volume of documentation under preparation and be required , to the extent possible , to keep the length of their submissions within the limits of their original forecast . Such forecasts should be presented to the Department of General Assembly Affairs and Conference Services and to the servicing secretariats in conjunction with the planning meeting .
?	keep.v	41	It was further decided that the Office of Legal Affairs would bear responsibility for the preparation of studies relating to Articles 18 , 19 and 22 ( see annexes I and II to the present report ) . Furthermore , in keeping with the request of the General Assembly , the Committee discussed the possibility of enhanced cooperation with academic institutions and use of the internship programme to carry out research for the preparation of studies on certain Articles . Several departments expressed their support for such measures and announced that they were already using interns more extensively .
?	keep.v	24	The efforts of non-governmental organizations , local community groups and religious leaders are indispensable . We want to commend them and ask them to keep up the good work . The private sector also has a crucial role to play .
?	keep.v	24	Tibet may bleed China as Algeria is bleeding France . These continuing pressures , social , economic and military , are doing much to keep China in a heightening state of tension . The imposition of yet another pressure , a strong one , from the outside , might cause it to snap .
?	keep.v	49	Career diplomatic agents and consuls accredited in Venezuela , their families and persons travelling with them in their service shall be exempt from compliance with the formalities set forth in this article and from those required by articles 6 and 7 . Article 21 : A register shall be kept in the Ministry of Internal Relations of all aliens legally entering the Republic on the basis of information that shall be sent for that purpose to the Ministry by the authorities in each place of entry . Article 22 : The establishment or change of domicile or residence of aliens within the national territory shall be notified by them to the first civil authority of the place of domicile or residence chosen by them ; the information shall be notified to the Ministry of Internal Relations by the competent body .
?	keep.v	30	Department responsible : Department of Management Status : Implemented Priority : Medium Target date : Not applicable In paragraph 66 , the Administration agreed with the Board 's recommendation to keep the extent of the provision for contingencies under review in the event of future modifications to the scope of the capital master plan . Department responsible : Department of Management Status : Implemented Priority : High Target date : Not applicable
?	keep.v	15	Requests the Secretary-General to give all necessary assistance to the Special Rapporteur ; Decides to keep the situation of human rights in Afghanistan under consideration at its fifty-sixth session , in the light of additional elements provided by the Commission on Human Rights and the Economic and Social Council . General Assembly resolution 217 A ( III ) .
?	keep.v	67	Over 36 years ( from 1955 to 1991 ) , more than 60 , 000 tons of natural uranium ( lower and higher oxides ) and more than 15 , 000 tons of molybdenum were produced . However , specific figures can not be given for the monetary and hard currency revenues derived from the combine 's production , since all the information was at the time kept strictly secret and held centrally in the former Soviet Union . It may however be recalled that in those years 1 kilogram of enriched uranium sold for an average of US $ 28 .
?	keep.v	77	( c ) Approve , with any amendments , the proposed programme of work contained in paragraph 16 , above , and the draft staff table and budget for 2006-2007 contained in tables 1.1 , 2.1 and 2.2 of the annex to the present note ; and ( d ) Develop and adopt an indicative scale of assessments for the apportionment of expenses for 2006 and 2007 and authorize the head of the Convention Secretariat , in keeping with the financial rules , to adjust the scale to include all Parties for which the Convention enters into force before 1 January 2006 for 2006 , and before 1 January 2007 for 2007 . Annex
?	keep.v	51	We fully agree with all those voices urging that the Capital Master Plan move forward as quickly as possible so that we can respond to the safety and security deficiencies of the United Nations Headquarters complex and make sure that they are addressed as quickly as possible . We need to keep the Master Plan project on track . In February of this year , the President of the United States of America submitted his fiscal year 2005 budget to the United States Congress for approval , including an offer to finance the entire $ 1.2 billion estimated cost of the Capital Master Plan .
?	keep.v	45	Reiterates its firm support for the mission of good offices of the Secretary-General in order to assist the parties in complying with the request made by the General Assembly in its resolutions on the question of the Falkland Islands ( Malvinas ) ; Decides to keep under review the question of the Falkland Islands ( Malvinas ) subject to the directives that the General Assembly has issued and may issue in that regard . Fourteenth session
?	keep.v	43	The Conference was attended by 1 , 800 NGO representatives from 555 organizations based in 66 countries . The DPI/NGO organizers of the Conference took into account the reforms that are under way to enhance the participation of civil society partners , in keeping with the recommendations of the High-level Panel on United Nations-Civil Society Relations . Emphasizing NGO feedback on the Millennium Development Goals campaigns , the Conference featured for the first time a plenary “ public hearing ” on the final day of the meeting , designed to transmit concerns and recommendations to United Nations and government officials .
?	keep.v	52	Unfortunately , the Programme 's implementation the previous year showed that its provisions were not completely satisfactory and that some shortcomings must be corrected . She hoped that the Committee would review the Programme in detail to ensure that it was applied in a fair , non-discriminatory and effective manner and in keeping with international law . Lastly , she supported fully the recommendations and conclusions in paragraph 52 of the Committee 's report .
?	keep.v	83	Some producing countries keep records for a specific period ( e.g. , 5 , 10 or 20 years ) , while others keep them for an indefinite period . In order to ensure and maintain the accuracy of records , some countries use a variety of verification methods , including the Firearms Reference Table.13 Some countries have established a centralized monitoring system that is able to monitor the records of all authorized manufacturers and dealers and impose penalties if accurate records are not kept . Policy issues
?	keep.v	36	On the other hand , it attempted to orchestrate a blatant propaganda campaign in which it tried to accuse our Government of not looking after its people . As for Cuba , it has acted in keeping with its traditional principled positions . We can not accept so-called assistance from those who have intensified the blockade , sanctions and hostility against our people .
?	keep.v	32	The Ministry of the Interior grants and revokes permits for carrying on firearms trade . A firearms dealer entitled to trade on , manufacture , repair or convert firearms is obliged to keep a file of the firearms . The police examines at least once a year the files kept by the firearms dealers , as well as their bookkeeping , stores and storage facilities
?	keep.v	29	Human rights are the very basis of the policy of combating terrorism . Combating terrorism locally , internationally or through the United Nations and its institutions should be in keeping with the purposes and principles of the Charter and with the provisions of international and humanitarian law . There can be no double standards here at the political or moral levels .
?	keep.v	56	( E ) To diminish the role for nuclear weapons in security policies to minimize the risk that these weapons will ever be used and to facilitate the process of their total elimination , in a way that promotes international stability and based on the principle of undiminished security for all . ( F ) To keep the threshold for the use of nuclear weapons as high as possible . Conclusion
?	keep.v	100	Welcomes the efforts of the European Union and the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe to contribute to the implementation of the Framework Agreement , in particular through the presence of international observers ; Endorses the efforts of Member States and relevant international organizations to support the implementation of the Framework Agreement and strongly supports in that regard the establishment of a multinational security presence in The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia at the request of its Government to contribute towards the security of the observers , and invites the Government of The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia to keep the Council informed ; Demands that all concerned ensure the safety of international personnel in The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia ;
?	keep.v	44	According to the list obtained by the experts , the vast majority of these weapons were old and probably not in working order . By contrast , the 515 weapons that were initially listed in the batch of weapons earmarked for destruction but ultimately kept by FAFN were in good working order . An unspecified number of working “ Mle 55 ” 120-mm mortars were also observed during embargo inspections and initially earmarked for destruction , but UNOCI has since lost all trace of them .
?	keep.v	53	( a ) To keep and publish within two months of the reference period and in a standardized format , quarterly aggregate statistics on rough diamond exports and imports , as well as the numbers of Certificates validated for export , and of imported shipments accompanied by Certificates ; ( b ) To keep and publish statistics on exports and imports , by origin and provenance , wherever possible , by carat weight and value , and in accordance with the relevant Harmonized Commodity Description and Coding System classifications 7102.10 , 7102.21 and 7102.31 ; ( c ) To keep and publish , on a semi-annual basis and within two months of the reference period , statistics on rough diamond production by carat weight and by value .
?	keep.v	50	( b ) Approves the donation of the assets of the Operation , with a total inventory value of 2 , 799 , 400 United States dollars and corresponding residual value of 1 , 726 , 300 dollars , to the Government of Burundi ; ( c ) Decides to keep under review during its sixty-first session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Operation in Burundi ” . Letter dated 15 May 2007 from the President of the International Tribunal for the Prosecution of Persons Responsible for Serious Violations of International Humanitarian Law Committed in the Territory of the Former Yugoslavia since 1991 , addressed to the President of the Security Council
?	keep.v	79	Agreeing that an active and flourishing civil society is essential to the political process , and welcoming all efforts to promote bicommunal contacts and events , including on the part of all United Nations bodies on the island , and urging the two sides to promote the active engagement of civil society and the encouragement of cooperation between economic and commercial bodies and to remove all obstacles to such contacts , Reaffirming the importance of the Secretary-General continuing to keep the operations of the Force under close review while continuing to take into account developments on the ground and the views of the parties , and reverting to the Council with recommendations , as appropriate , for further adjustments to the mandate , force levels and concept of operation of the Force as soon as warranted , Welcoming the appointment of Mr. Tayé-Brook Zerihoun as the new Special Representative of the Secretary-General in Cyprus , and echoing the Secretary-General 's appreciation for the work of the previous Special Representative , Mr. Michael Møller ,
?	keep.v	35	On this matter , Indonesia agrees that peacekeepers should be held to the same standards of conduct as required of combat personnel , according to the Secretary-General 's Bulletin . To win the peace and keep it , women must be made parties to peace negotiations . They should also be able to exercise their political rights , especially the right to vote , in post-conflict societies .
?	keep.v	50	The State party adds that the European Court of Human Rights has already ruled along these lines in relation to the provisions of article 6 , paragraph 1 , of the Convention , which is similarly worded . The right to stand for election to the National Assembly and to keep one 's seat “ is a political one and not a `civil ' one within the meaning of article 6 , paragraph 1 , so that disputes relating to the arrangements for the exercise of it - such as ones concerning candidates ' obligation to limit their election expenditure - lie outside the scope of that provision ” , even if disqualification has the corollary that it is impossible to secure reimbursement of campaign expenditure from public funds , and is therefore partly economic in nature . What is more , the Court reiterated its position on the matter when , in the circumstances referred to above , it considered Mr. Masson 's application in relation to the disputed elections : “ The Court notes that the dispute in question concerned whether the electoral operations were properly conducted , notwithstanding its economic implications for the applicant .
?	keep.v	29	Peacekeeping operations have become more complex . African countries and regional organizations have repeatedly stepped forward and expressed their willingness to shoulder increased responsibility in our common effort to keep peace . Such was the case in Darfur , Somalia and Côte d'Ivoire , among other places .
?	keep.v	36	As a result , Eritrea set out on a promising path of economic progress . For the period 1992 to 1997 , the economy grew by an annual average of 7.4 per cent and inflation was kept at below 5 per cent . Eritrea has also accumulated reserves that cover seven months worth of imports .
?	keep.v	63	The media also play a role in propagating a climate of intolerance vis-à-vis certain communities , particularly minority communities . ( c ) Violations of freedom of thought , conscience , religion or belief , namely , policies , legislation and regulations , practices and acts contrary to the principle of conscientious objection and the freedom to change one 's religion or to keep one 's religion or belief. Cases in this regard concern China , Eritrea , Israel , the Lao People 's Democratic Republic and Saudi Arabia ; ( d ) Violations of freedom to manifest one 's religion or belief , namely , policies , legislation and regulations , practices and acts that constitute controls , interference , prohibitions and abusive restrictions on the freedom to manifest one 's religion or belief. Cases in this regard concern the Russian Federation , Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan ;
?	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Operation in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its sixty-second session the item entitled “ Financing of the African Union-United Nations Hybrid Operation in Darfur ” . INTERNATIONAL LAW COMMISSION Fifty-ninth session Geneva , 7 May-8 June and 9 July-10 August 2007
?	keep.v	43	Invites voluntary contributions to the Operation in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General , to be administered , as appropriate , in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly ; Decides to keep under review during its sixtieth session the item entitled “ Financing of the United Nations Operation in Côte d'Ivoire ” . Summary statement by the Secretary-General on matters of which the Security Council is seized and on the stage reached in their consideration
?	keep.v	44	Pursuant to General Assembly resolution ES-10/15 of 20 July 2004 , I am in the process of establishing a register of damages incurred by Palestinians due to the construction of the wall . The construction of the barrier is a unilateral act not in keeping with the road map . Along with continued Israeli settlement activity , it constitutes a key challenge to the fulfilment of the road map 's goal of a two-State solution .
?	keep.v	44	There will be a meeting of the Working Group on Disarmament of the Non-Aligned Movement on Friday , 29 September 2000 , from 9 a.m. to 11 a.m. in Conference Room B . There will be a meeting of the Working Group on Peace keeping Operations of the Non-Aligned Movement on Monday , 2 October , and Thursday , 5 October 2000 , from 10.30 a.m. to 1 p.m. in Conference Room C . There will be a meeting of the Coordinating Bureau of the Non-Aligned Movement on Tuesday , 3 October 2000 , from 3 p.m. to 6 p.m. in the Trusteeship Council Chamber .
?	keep.v	55	It remains to be seen whether our system can be as effective in dealing with contemporary threats to humanity as it has been in dealing with more traditional security deficits . Let me now turn to an issue with which the United Nations has had a long involvement , an issue which we aim to keep as one of the Organization 's priorities until it has been definitively resolved within the framework set out in the numerous relevant resolutions of this Organization . For many years , the United Nations has engaged in strenuous efforts aimed at brokering a solution .
?	keep.v	99	In the decision , Council “ expressly decided to set up an Ad Hoc Committee to evaluate the implementation of Security Council resolution 1295 ( 2000 ) , particularly with regard to the sanctions contained in chapters A , B , C , D , E , F and G ” . It further “ decided to mandate the Secretary-General to propose additional measures to guarantee the effective implementation of Security Council resolution 864 ( 1993 ) against States ” , and to seek information relating to the violation of sanctions against UNITA by OAU member States , in keeping with the provisions of the OAU and United Nations Charters . Activities of the Ad Hoc Committee ( August 2000-July 2002 )
?	keep.v	41	Registration and safeguarding of the finished produce is regulated by the Instructions “ On the procedure for the receipt , registration and storage of the finished product and the admittance of persons to the store ” . Information on SALW is kept by the manufacturer for 10 years and by the operating entity indefinitely . The armed forces and State paramilitary organizations of the Russian Federation are required to keep special documentation on every weapon issued .
?	keep.v	12	We hate asking for charity . We merely ask that promises be kept and commitments adhered to . As a small island developing State , we need relief from the burden of our foreign debts , high interest rates and other unfair international trade constraints .
?	keep.v	65	We would not like to encroach on the time of the Committee by going into details of the questions , which are well known to its members . We sincerely hope that the organization will provide complete responses to the queries that have been raised since 1999 in a spirit of transparency , which would allow the Committee to determine if its work is in keeping with the spirit , purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations. ” The delegation of Pakistan expressed regret that despite the best efforts by the organization to respond to the questions posed by India , the delegate had found the replies by the organization unsatisfactory .
?	keep.v	17	Rule 38 Sound recordings of meetings of the Conference and its subsidiary organs shall be made and kept in accordance with the practice of the United Nations . Open and closed meetings
?	keep.v	38	Furthermore , the Act requires institutions to obtain “ official records ” ( e.g. Passports etc. ) that are “ reasonably capable ” of establishing the customers true identity upon opening facilities . The Act requires institutions to keep and maintain customer and transaction records for a period of at least seven years . The TTU within Police is the agency primarily responsible for monitoring compliance with these obligations by financial institutions .
?	keep.v	74	May I put the question directly to those delegations that have problems with “ verification ” whether they could come up with an alternative so we can discuss that alternative , or whether we should have it at all and just retain “ practical confidence-building measures in the field of conventional weapons ” ? The option is , first , that , if we have problems , can not agree or reach consensus on keeping “ verification ” , we remove it and replace it with something else . The other alternative is that we delete reference to verification mechanisms and leave the rest of the proposal as “ practical confidence-building measures in the field of conventional weapons ” .
?	keep.v	69	Please provide detailed information on sexual violence , including harassment in the workplace and the efforts to eliminate it . The law of the Kyrgyz Republic on social and legal protection against violence in the family , and order No. 388 of 7 October 2004 of the Minister of Internal Affairs on introducing the practice , internal affairs bodies , of issuing temporary protection orders , and on the keeping of statistical records , make family violence a criminal offence . Other factors also play a role , such as a lack of familiarity , among staff of the internal affairs bodies , with the legal aspects of responding in practice to domestic violence , and ignorance of how to work with victims of violence and crisis centres .
?	keep.v	93	The second WG is requested , on the basis of the information and recommendations provided by the first WG , to present the Human Rights Council with a report on consistent patterns of gross and reliably attested violations of human rights and fundamental freedoms and to make recommendations to the Council on the course of action to take , normally in the form of a draft resolution or decision with respect to the situations referred to it . When it requires further consideration or additional information , members of the second WG may keep a situation under review until its next session and request such information from the State concerned and the author of the communication . All decisions of the second WG shall be duly justified and indicate why the consideration of a situation has been discontinued or action recommended thereon. Decisions to discontinue should be taken by consensus ; if not possible , by simple majority of the votes .
?	keep.v	32	Missing persons and archives The proper management and processing of information about missing persons also require the establishment and maintenance of a proper filing and archiving system which complies with standards for keeping personal data confidential . In that respect , ICRC is managing information and processing files on missing persons in many of the contexts in which it operates .
?	keep.v	36	Germany increased its aid in 2007 by $ 1.9 billion , with a further increase expected in 2008 , while Spain increased its net ODA by 34 per cent to $ 2.2 billion . Canada is keeping pace with its promise to double aid by 2010 and there has also been moderate progress by other non-G8 donors , such as Australia , Austria , Ireland and New Zealand . Development cooperation by non-DAC partners has been growing strongly , even though the total volume is still small .
?	keep.v	70	Urges States to comply with their obligations under international human rights , labour , refugee and humanitarian law , including very helpful interpretations thereof , relating to non-citizens , including refugees , asylum-seekers , stateless persons and trafficked persons ; Urges the international community to provide non-citizens with protection and assistance in an equitable manner and with due regard to their needs in different parts of the world , in keeping with the principles of international solidarity , burden-sharing and international cooperation ; Calls upon States to take actions , consistent with the principles of freedom of expression and prohibition of advocacy of national , racial or religious hatred , to counter any tendency to target , stigmatize , stereotype , or profile members of particular population groups , such as non-citizens , by officials , the media and society at large ;
?	keep.v	27	Thus , some Indonesian municipalities have chosen to set local tax rates high in an effort to support local services . In contrast , other municipalities are keeping tax rates low in order to attract business and investment - a strategy consistent with a regional and global vision of competitive cities , a vision that cities in the United States have widely adopted . In an era of continued local government reform , local financial management is probably one of the most demanding and difficult issues to get right .
?	keep.v	17	( iv ) senior leadership induction ; ( b ) To design , develop and deliver and keep updated the mission readiness skills modules ( applicable to each of the courses 1-4 ) in : ( i ) managing stress ,
?	keep.v	34	The first WG shall provide the second WG with a file containing all admissible communications as well as recommendations thereon . When it requires further consideration or additional information , the first WG may keep a case under review until its next session and request such information from the State concerned and the author of the communication . All decisions of the first WG shall be based on a rigorous application of the admissibility criteria and shall be duly justified .
?	keep.v	42	If the Commission decides that the model provisions , upon adoption , should replace in whole or in part the legislative recommendations , those cross-references would be removed from the final text . Internal cross-references between the draft model provisions have been kept italicized and in square brackets , pending a decision by the Commission as to whether or not the draft model provisions should become a model law . If the form of a model law were chosen , the cross-references would be to “ articles ” rather than “ model provisions ” .
?	keep.v	84	The Council reviewed several issues relating to the processing and payment of claims , including the twenty-ninth report of the Executive Secretary pursuant to article 41 of the Provisional Rules for Claims Procedure , and approved corrections to certain category A , C , D and C Palestinian late claims . After considering the issue of duplication of awards for competing claims , the Council requested the secretariat to provide an information note for the Working Group 's consideration at an informal meeting and kept this matter on its agenda for the next session . The Council also decided that the approach adopted with respect to payment of awards to four Governments that are receiving funds in accordance with the Governing Council decision regarding the report and recommendations of the D1 Panel of Commissioners concerning the late-filed category A and C claims programme should be applied to other Governments in similar situations in the future .
?	keep.v	27	The Manual was approved by the Committee and will be issued as a document of the Committee in the near future . The Committee will continue to keep the Manual under review , particularly with a view to updating the editorial directives . Inter-office dialogue on reviewing the working methods for the preparation of the Repertory
?	keep.v	24	Of only one could he be sure - young John Hudson , his second son . The mate , Robert Juet , who had kept the journal on the half Moon , was experienced - but he was a bitter old man , ready to complain or desert at any opportunity . Philip Staffe , the ship 's carpenter , was a good worker , but perversely independent .
?	keep.v	41	The Vendor Review Committee evaluates and approves the supplier 's submission and records its findings on standardized evaluation forms , which are placed in each supplier 's file . The files on active suppliers , totalling 1 , 358 , are kept in the Procurement Section and are assigned reference numbers to facilitate easy retrieval . Department responsible : Department of Peacekeeping Operations and Department of Field Support
?	keep.v	85	By its resolution 58/81 of 9 December 2003 , the General Assembly reaffirmed the mandate of the Ad Hoc Committee established by Assembly resolution 51/210 . The Ad Hoc Committee held its eighth session from 28 June to 2 July 2004 with a mandate to continue the preparation of a draft comprehensive convention on international terrorism , with appropriate time allocated to the continued consideration of outstanding issues relating to the draft international convention for the suppression of acts of nuclear terrorism , and to keep on its agenda the question of convening a high-level conference under the auspices of the United Nations to formulate a joint organized response of the international community to terrorism in all its forms and manifestations.14 The work of the Ad Hoc Committee is expected to continue during the fifty-ninth session of the General Assembly , within the framework of the Sixth Committee .
?	keep.v	52	Organizations working locally to free and rehabilitate bonded labourers said their work was hampered by legislation which was badly enforced or not at all , by a slow bureaucracy sometimes corrupted by rich landowners and by a lack of political will . She complained of false releases of workers and promises not kept by the State for the rehabilitation of persons kept in bondage . The organizations working against bondage felt convinced that only operations conducted by the bonded labourers themselves with the support of the media and lawyers could eventually lead to their release without the risk of falling back into the same infernal cycle of exploitation .
?	keep.v	84	At Geneva in 1954 , to get the war in Indo-China settled , the British and French gave in to Russian and Communist Chinese demands and agreed to the setting up of a Communist state , North Viet Nam - which then , predictably , became a base for Communist operations against neighboring South Viet Nam and Laos . The late Secretary of State John Foster Dulles considered the 1954 Geneva agreement a specimen of appeasement , saw that resolution would be needed to keep it from becoming a calamity for the West . He began the diplomatic discussions that resulted in the establishment of SEATO .
?	keep.v	46	Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of programmes of assistance for the peoples concerned , Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations decisions related to decolonization , Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters , such as hurricanes , cyclones and sea-level rise , and recalling the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly ,
?	keep.v	45	It was noted that this alternative corresponded to the original paragraph 3 of draft article 10 of the Commission 's 1991 draft article and was clearer and reflected more accurately the existing practice . The view was also expressed that alternative I was more in keeping with the overall aim of the draft articles as a whole in that the emphasis was on the State 's immunity not being affected in the event that a State enterprise or other entity is sued . Other delegations reiterated their objection to a provision that did not expressly state that the State enterprise or other entity was acting as an agent of the State , or that the State was acting as a guarantor of a liability assumed by the State enterprise or other entity .
?	keep.v	36	This basic two-tier system—bank or broker in the lower tier , central depository in the upper tier—is often increased by adding one or more tiers . For instance , the central depositories may not in fact keep all certificates but may delegate that task to specialized agents . In practice , this occurs regularly where securities of foreign issuers are involved ( as indicated before ; see para .
?	keep.v	16	You can not attract investment unless you have transparency . In a competitive world , to keep young scientists your land and water should be free from pollution , your financial system free from corruption , your government without arbitrariness . Truth , freedom and openness became conditions for science and high technology and , consequently , for the advancement of any society .
?	keep.v	31	The Chairman : It is my feeling that we have resolved , at least in principle , one part of the problem . I gather that we are approaching consensus on keeping “ practical confidence-building measures ” . There is a consensus also on keeping “ conventional weapons ” .
?	keep.v	24	The more canvassing I do , the more I note how far most people are from their personal God '' . Forebearing , Owen kept his peace . What would happen next ?
?	keep.v	32	Thus it was that Barco , apprehended for mere larceny , now began to suspect that one or another of his murders had been uncovered . During the return trip , Barco kept muttering to himself in meaningless phrases , such as : `` They 're under sand dunes .
?	keep.v	30	As a result , the last staff of the Commission completed their assignments with MINURSO on 31 December 2003 . However , the authorized posts for the Commission have been kept in the proposed budget for the financial year 2004-2005 , in order to expedite the recruitment of expertise for MINURSO should the need arise . I would like to thank all the personnel of the Identification Commission for their dedication and for the outstanding work that the Commission has accomplished since its establishment in 1993 .
?	keep.v	74	Moreover , the Preparatory Committee for the May 2005 Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons ( NPT ) has been unable to make substantive recommendations . We thus have even greater reason to reaffirm our support for the objectives of the NPT , especially for the need for nuclear States to report on progress in the dismantling and total elimination of their nuclear arsenals , in keeping with their obligations under article VI of the Treaty , as well as the commitments they undertook at the 1995 Review and Extension Conference and at the 2000 Review Conference . We view the NPT as a basic instrument for achieving a safer and more peaceful world .
?	keep.v	34	In the context of his visit to Japan , the Special Rapporteur considers that the initiation of a dialogue between Japanese , Korean and Chinese historians is particularly significant . This initiative is in keeping with one of the main recommendations of his mission report , which encourages the joint drafting , under UNESCO auspices , of a regional history in order to resolve the historical dispute between Japan and its neighbours , in particular China and the Republic of Korea . This joint undertaking to produce a history forms part of the intellectual and cultural strategy that the Special Rapporteur recommends in order to strengthen the political and legal strategy to eradicate the root causes of racist and xenophobic attitudes and cultures .
?	keep.v	69	The CCPR Committee concluded that even if the applicant did not qualify as a member of her band under the Canadian legislation , she was “ … entitled to be regarded as `belonging ' to this minority and claim the benefits of article 27 of the Covenant ” . More specifically , it held that “ Persons who are born and brought up on a reserve , who have kept ties with their community and wish to maintain these ties , must normally be considered as belonging to that minority within the meaning of the Covenant ” . The CCPR Committee held that although the right to live on a reserve was not as such guaranteed by article 27 of ICCPR , there was an interference with the author 's right to have access to her native culture and language in community with the other members of her group since there was no place outside the reserve where such community existed .
?	keep.v	33	Introduction The present report is submitted in response to the statement by the President of the Security Council ( S/PRST/2000/5 ) of 10 February 2000 , in which the Council requested me to keep it regularly informed of the activities of the United Nations Peace-Building Support Office in the Central African Republic ( BONUCA ) , the situation in the Central African Republic and , in particular , the progress achieved in political , social and economic reforms , and to submit a report to the Council by 30 June 2000 and every six months thereafter . As members of the Security Council will recall , the primary mission of BONUCA , established for an initial period of one year , is to support the Government 's efforts to consolidate peace and national reconciliation , strengthen democratic institutions , and facilitate the mobilization of international political support and resources for national reconstruction and economic recovery .
?	keep.v	79	With respect to the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 ( 2001 ) , we have no doubt that the large number of Preliminary Implementation Assessments ( PIAs ) that have been adopted , as noted by the Chairman in his briefing , reflect the easing of demands on States to update their reports . We all hope that the new PIA matrices devised by the Counter-Terrorism Committee Executive Directorate will reflect every State 's performance in keeping with the criteria of transparency and objectivity and will take account of human rights issues . We hope that the overall review of resolution 1373 ( 2001 ) , which is expected to be included in the Committee 's next report to the Council , will be accurate , cautious and realistic and will avoid hasty classifications .
?	keep.v	30	We must take action to strengthen coordination , to increase human capacity and to ensure long-term , predictable funding for United Nations humanitarian and development work . We can not keep deferring the day when we tackle the waste and inefficiency caused by overlap and duplication among various United Nations agencies . The challenge is how the organs and agencies of the United Nations can work together to cover the wide range of issues that need to be addressed .
?	keep.v	27	The issue is raised how long will the women pay their Union membership fee to associations which do not recognize their interests . There is no statistics kept according to gender in the Trade Unions . From the overall activities of the Association the motivation of women to participate in Trade Union activities can not be seen .
?	keep.v	53	We had hoped that those developments would lead to international détente and that the United Nations and the great Powers in the Security Council would immediately allow the return of the inspectors in order to assess the situation . That is what the situation calls for , and it would be fully in keeping with the principles of the Charter and of international law . We all know what led to the fall of the League of Nations : the unilateral decision by the world Powers at that time to take decisions outside the context of international law and legitimacy .
?	keep.v	39	We are convinced that his leadership will guarantee us a successful outcome . We also take great pride in participating in this gathering , since it gives us an opportunity to reflect on the manner in which Suriname has kept its promises with regard to the implementation of the Beijing Platform for Action . In formulating our national report on the review of this programme , we had the opportunity to evaluate our achievements , to consider the obstacles and shortcomings and to look ahead to a future course of action in order to be able to honour the commitments we made five years ago .
?	keep.v	68	Other minor mistakes were noticed by the Special Rapporteur , such as two individuals being brought in at 8 a.m. with respect to a complaint filed the same day at 10 a.m . Except for the cases where there was no entry indicating when the persons had been transferred or released , 41 persons had been detained in this police station and , according to the register , kept for up to three hours . The Special Rapporteur also visited the unit No. 12 of the Sabunçu district police office where he observed the presence of three pitch-black cells .
?	keep.v	25	This is best demonstrated by practical washing tests in which cloth articles are repeatedly washed with the same detergent formulation . A good formulation will keep the clothes clean and white after many washings ; whereas , with a poor formulation , the clothes exhibit a build-up of `` tattle-tale grey '' and dirty spots - sometimes with bad results even after the first wash . Since practical washing procedures are both lengthy and expensive , a number of laboratory tests have been developed for the numerical evaluation of detergents .
?	keep.v	57	In the view of many speakers , the United Nations as a whole , and the Department of Public Information in particular , had an essential role to play in seeking to bridge that digital divide . They spoke of the urgent need to harness information technology for the equal benefit of all people everywhere , in keeping with the goals of the Millennium Declaration . Many agreed that the technology was especially important for the African continent .
?	keep.v	37	Rule 110.20 Authority and responsibility on property management ( a ) The Registrar is responsible for the management of the property of the Court , including all systems governing its receipt , recording , utilization , safe keeping , maintenance and disposal , including by sale , and shall designate the officials responsible for performing property management functions . ( b ) A summary statement of non-expendable Court property shall be provided to the Auditor not later than three months following the end of the financial period ( see rule 111.8 ( b ) ( ii ) ) .
?	keep.v	18	We pay tribute to the courageous efforts of the humanitarian agencies . We agreed on the need to keep the situation in the Middle East under review by the Quartet at the principal 's level through regular consultations . Our Special Envoys will continue their efforts on the ground to assist the parties in reaching an end to confrontation and a resumption of political negotiations .
?	keep.v	89	In that regard , I have the honour to inform you that the Nicaraguan Energy Institute has called for tenders for petroleum exploration in various parts of the national territory , including the portion of the Nicaraguan Caribbean Sea over which Nicaragua has historically exercised sovereign rights ; hence , all the areas in which concessions might be granted to explore for gas and oil are within the national territory of Nicaragua . Nonetheless , the Government of the Republic of Nicaragua is giving thought to appropriate mechanisms in keeping with the rules and procedures of international law for granting concessions in Nicaraguan maritime areas in the Caribbean Sea to which Honduras laid formal claim in its counter-memorial filed before the International Court of Justice on 21 March 2002 . While in general reserving our position with regard to the observations of fact and law put forward in your communication , I must point out that the terms of paragraph 6 are inappropriate .
?	keep.v	74	“ 5.1 The carrier shall , subject to the provisions of this instrument and in accordance with the terms of the contract of carriage , carry the goods to the place of destination and deliver them to the consignee . “ 5.2.1 The carrier shall during the period of its responsibility as defined in article 4.1 , and subject to article 4.2 , properly and carefully load , handle , stow , carry , keep , care for and discharge the goods . “ 5.2.2 The parties may agree that certain of the functions referred to in article 5.2.1 shall be performed by or on behalf of the shipper , the controlling party or the consignee .
?	keep.v	46	The recommendations called for wide dissemination of the Convention and the Beijing Platform for Action and for sessions to sensitise women , public officials and the wider community to the Territory 's obligations under the Convention . The recommendations also called for sex-disaggregated data to be kept . The recommendations were approved by the Executive Council and laid on the table of the Legislative Council .
?	keep.v	58	We must also remain focused on the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction , small arms and light weapons , as well as gross abuses of human rights , including ethnic cleansing and genocide . Equally critical are the problems of global warming and the weaponization of outer space , which are serious potential threats and must be kept on our radar . Nor must we lose sight of the widening gap between the rich and poor , both within and among nations , which is bound to have a destabilizing effect on international peace and security .
?	keep.v	56	It was essential , however , to ensure that those resources were being used in an effective and efficient manner . Although he was grateful to the Secretary-General for having shared some aspects of his proposed reform of the Department of Political Affairs , he would have preferred to see a comprehensive restructuring proposal , in keeping with General Assembly mandates , that covered the Department of Peacekeeping Operations , the Department of Political Affairs and other departments and offices , including the Department of Economic and Social Affairs . All three pillars of the Organization 's work must be funded in a balanced manner .
?	keep.v	69	It is also a complete departure from the road map and its substance , as well as from the principle of achieving a peaceful settlement through negotiations between the two parties and of refraining from any actions that might pre-empt final status issues . Even with regard to Gaza , the Israeli proposal , as reflected in the letters exchanged , falls far short of any real withdrawal , keeping control of international borders , airspace and water in the hands of the occupier and maintaining the so-called right to military intervention or attacks against Gaza . In sum , rather than actually being a real and complete withdrawal from Gaza , it is an attempt to seal Gaza off from the rest of the occupied Palestinian territory and the rest of the world and to finalize its transformation into a densely-packed prison for the more than 1.2 million Palestinians living there .
?	keep.v	45	• Exchange rates for conversion of both the dollar and schilling components of the budgets ; • Exchange rate to be applied for the conversion into euros of assets , liabilities , reserves and fund balances , as well as the need to continue to keep extrabudgetary accounts in United States dollars , if required , and to convert all such assets , liabilities , reserves and fund balances to euros for the purpose of UNIDO 's consolidated financial statements ; • Actions and developments since 15 June 1999 , to implement decisions of the governing bodies to introduce the euro ;
?	keep.v	70	With regard to the principle of resettlement , Kenya called on States to work together to find a fair and transparent way of determining who should benefit from resettlement programmes , so that first countries of asylum did not have to take in the most vulnerable of the refugees while third countries received those who were more able-bodied and better educated . Proceeding in such a way was not in keeping with the spirit of burden-sharing or with humanitarian considerations . Mr. Majewski ( International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies ( IFRC ) ) said that IFRC worked with UNHCR to develop cooperation arrangements between it and national societies to address severe refugee flows. He stressed the importance of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies exhibiting the fundamental principles in support of refugees and internally displaced persons , in particular the principles of independence , neutrality and impartiality .
?	keep.v	10	Then I cover the sowing with a board . This keeps it cool and moist and protects it from birds . Ants carry away the seeds so better be sure that there are no ant hills nearby .
?	keep.v	12	Users are now able to access content with fewer clicks . In keeping with General Assembly resolutions , the new pages are compliant with the accessibility requirements set out in the new web accessibility guidelines for United Nations websites . In parallel with the revamp , work continued on a new companion site for mobile devices that is currently being tested for compatibility in all languages .
?	keep.v	83	Bearing in mind the recent developments and initiatives at the international , regional and subregional levels to prevent and suppress international terrorism , including those identified in the annex to the present resolution , Recalling its decision in resolutions 54/110 of 9 December 1999 , 55/158 of 12 December 2000 , 56/88 of 12 December 2001 , 57/27 of 19 November 2002 and 58/81 that the Ad Hoc Committee established by General Assembly resolution 51/210 of 17 December 1996 should address , and keep on its agenda , the question of convening a high-level conference under the auspices of the United Nations to formulate a joint organized response of the international community to terrorism in all its forms and manifestations , Aware of resolutions 57/219 of 18 December 2002 and 58/187 of 22 December 2003 ,
?	keep.v	55	General issues also constituted a large portion of the Council 's work , including several thematic issues in the humanitarian and peacebuilding areas , and on cooperation between the United Nations and relevant regional organizations . Counter-terrorism and non-proliferation remained top priorities for the Council , which took a firm stand against terrorist activities and kept non-proliferation issues under close consideration . The Council also stepped up its efforts to further improve its working methods , including in the area of sanctions and with regard to documentation and other procedural questions .
?	keep.v	21	They also had reservations about the organization 's structure and its possible contribution to the Council . The Committee decided to keep the organization in the grey area and defer the decision on its application , pending receipt of clarification from the organization of questions posed by the Committee . Owing to time constraints , the Committee did not consider the following organizations :
?	keep.v	20	A key aspect of improving the housing conditions of indigenous peoples is to address their poverty . This is in keeping with the principle that the right to adequate housing is a constituent element of the right to an adequate standard of living , as articulated in the International Covenant on Economic , Social and Cultural Rights . Governments must create the circumstances for indigenous peoples to become economically self-reliant .
?	keep.v	105	It believes that the only valid negotiations , which should be limited to the Kingdom of Morocco and Frente POLISARIO , which are the two parties to the conflict , are those which deal with the modalities for implementing the Peace plan for self-determination of the people of Western Sahara , approved by the Security Council in its resolution 1495 ( 2003 ) . In this connection , Algeria regrets that its position on the question , expressed in a letter from the President of the Republic addressed to the Secretary-General , was not reflected in the body of the report of the Secretary-General in keeping with standard practice . Lastly , Algeria wishes to reaffirm its conviction that only the implementation of the Peace plan for self-determination of the people of Western Sahara , approved by the Security Council as an optimum political solution to this conflict — as it represents a delicate compromise between the positions of the two protagonists — can ensure a just and lasting settlement of the question of Western Sahara in strict accordance with the Charter of the United Nations and international law .
?	keep.v	20	• To harness the active support of the United Nations regional commissions and the regional development banks ; • To keep the financing for development process in the agenda of the intergovernmental bodies of all stakeholders , and encourage similar attention by business and civil society organizations ; • To establish an agile set of interactions for substantive engagement among the Economic and Social Council , IMF , the World Bank , the World Trade Organization , UNCTAD and the United Nations Development Programme , as well as relevant regional bodies .
?	keep.v	37	Our pools also have wide , shallow steps - for the benefit of the littlest swimmers who can thus be introduced to the water with far greater safety than a ladder affords . All bottles must be kept a safe distance away from the pool and drinking glasses are banned in favor of plastic or metal cups . When you first acquire a pool , we earnestly recommend - for your own mental health - a good long chat with your insurance agent .
?	keep.v	32	It was essential to support productive investment in Latin America and the Caribbean , which would contribute to development and greater well-being . Thanks to the reforms which UNIDO had introduced in keeping with the “ Delivering as One ” initiative , it had been able to remain active in the field and had enhanced its global presence through regional offices and Desks . The Bogotá Regional Office , which served the countries of the Andean Community , had recently improved its programme implementation capacity .
?	keep.v	38	( vi ) Consideration of establishing partnerships with the private sector , including financial businesses , with a view to ensuring sound and effective due-diligence procedures to counter money-laundering ; ( vii ) The introduction of measures to keep centralized statistical data on legal action taken to counter money-laundering ; ( c ) Implementing effective detection , investigation , prosecution and conviction measures , including :
?	keep.v	81	According to the State party , as the status of the complainant had changed from that of remand prisoner to that of a prisoner serving a custodial sentence , and bearing in mind the requirements as to investigations in his case or in other similar cases , he was transferred from one prison to another , in accordance with the applicable regulations . Moreover , the conditions in which the complainant was held , wherever he was held , were in keeping with the prison regulations governing conditions for holding prisoners in order to ensure prisoners ' physical and moral safety . The State party points out that prisoners ' rights are scrupulously protected in Tunisia , without any discrimination , whatever the status of the prisoner , in a context of respect for human dignity , in accordance with international standards and Tunisian legislation. Medical , psychological and social supervision is provided , and family visits are allowed .
?	keep.v	37	Also decides that all staff appointed or assigned to non-family missions shall be installed in accordance with conditions of the United Nations common system , without the special-operations approach ; Requests the International Civil Service Commission to keep the issue of United Nations common system conditions of service in the field under review ; Decides to keep the issue of United Nations common system conditions of service in the field under review ;
?	keep.v	32	Ecuador is a party to the main international and regional instruments on asylum . An Executive Decree issued in 1992 governs the way the State deals with asylum , and is in keeping with international principles and standards . Ecuador has received an enormous influx of displaced people and asylum-seekers from Colombia , who have entered as a result of the political conflict in that country .
?	keep.v	29	Only 41 of these files ( 63 per cent ) were received . ( b ) A summary of leave taken and accrued to each staff member was not kept . In addition , individual leave credits did not agree with the IMIS report .
?	keep.v	54	Further , it inappropriately allows States to invoke the principles of State responsibility even when they have not been specially affected by the breach . Article 43 ( b ) ( i ) provides an adequate standard for invoking State responsibility for a breach owed to a group of States that is more in keeping with established international law and practice . The United States urges that article 43 ( b ) ( ii ) be deleted .
?	keep.v	49	Human security depends first on the effective application of law and order , which in turn demands a firm adherence to the rule of law . A commitment to human security also demands enhanced international cooperation in conflict prevention , and strengthened capacities to assist countries in building , keeping and restoring peace . A further requirement for ensuring human security is disarmament , which involves a consistent and concerted effort from all .
?	keep.v	68	One option that could be considered in greater depth is the idea of differentiating the agenda of the General Assembly in general from its programme of work for each specific session , thus avoiding the need to eliminate items from the agenda . Further efforts are also needed to ensure that the resolutions adopted by the Assembly are more concise , to the point and action-oriented , in keeping with that resolution . The General Assembly now has to deal with some delicate questions about which it was not possible to reach agreement during the fifty-eighth session .
?	keep.v	29	This situation has made it necessary to lease aircraft under abnormal and unfavourable conditions , also resulting from the pressures caused by the embargo . This is not in keeping with common practice in this sector ; Cuba has to make use of intermediaries , leading to increased costs in comparison with world prices . It means that the commercial services offered are more expensive , placing Cuban carriers at a serious competitive disadvantage .
?	keep.v	64	“ Firearms Marking : Model Standards and Common Serial Number Codes ” 22-24 June 2000 Grand Hotel Smeraldo Beach Baia Sardinia ( Olbia ) , Sardinia , Italy In a letter to Mr. Rocard , dated 18 May , Mr. Rowe stated : “ it is our view that a self-regulation effort could begin by being based upon recommendations on firearms marking , record keeping and tracing found in our report `Firearms Marking Standards and Common Serial Number Codes ' . Other matters upon which industry could have an effective impact could also be considered .
?	keep.v	76	( b ) To continue to consider , on a priority basis and in an appropriate substantive manner and framework , the question of the implementation of the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations related to assistance to third States affected by the application of sanctions under Chapter VII of the Charter based on all of the related reports of the Secretary-General and the proposals submitted on the question ; ( c ) To keep on its agenda the question of the peaceful settlement of disputes between States ; ( d ) To continue to consider proposals concerning the Trusteeship Council in the light of the report of the Secretary-General submitted in accordance with General Assembly resolution 50/55 of 11 December 1995 , the report of the Secretary-General entitled “ Renewing the United Nations : a programme for reform ” and the views expressed by States on this subject at previous sessions of the Assembly ;
?	keep.v	45	Of course it is a disappointment for all of us that , at the end of the day , it was not possible to overcome the few remaining obstacles to the successful conclusion of our work . I still hope that delegations will try to keep these issues alive and put to good use those positive elements that were attained and agreed upon . I believe I speak on behalf of all delegations when I express optimism as to the future work of the Commission during forthcoming sessions in 2004 and beyond .
?	keep.v	87	( a ) The allegation that some foreigners have been expelled or sent back to a country with which they have no significant ties , on the basis , inter alia , of linguistic criteria which are sometimes unsystematic , unreliable , and could lead to a breach of article 3 of the Convention ; ( b ) The Special Control of Foreigners Act , known as the anti-terrorism law , allows foreigners suspected of terrorism to be expelled under a procedure which might not be in keeping with the Convention , because there is no provision for appeal ; ( c ) Several cases of the excessive use of force by police personnel and prison guards , leading to the death of the persons concerned , have occurred in recent years in Sweden .
?	keep.v	41	The Office further commented that a review of the existing eligibility requirements would be conducted as part of the upcoming assessment of the experience acquired in the implementation of the new staff selection system since 1 May 2002 . OIOS will keep this matter under review in the context of General Assembly resolution 57/305 of 15 April 2003 , in which the Assembly requested OIOS to conduct a study on the impact of the Secretary-General 's human resources management reform , including in areas such as mobility , training and the role of the central review bodies . Screening of applications
?	keep.v	67	Should the General Assembly decide to approve the resources of the revised budget for UNAMSIL proposed by the Secretary-General for the Geographic Information System , the Committee would recommend that , upon the completion of the pilot project , the results should be communicated to the General Assembly before further steps are taken . Such communication should include the overall cost of starting up the system and keeping it operational and also provide information on how the system would be funded and its cost shared among the various users , including United Nations agencies , funds , programmes and other entities . The Committee notes that the revised requirements for transport operations which increased from $ 14 , 730 , 700 to $ 16 , 425 , 100 relate to the acquisition of 212 additional vehicles , for a total United Nations-owned vehicle fleet of 755 vehicles .
?	keep.v	35	They must be involved in decision-making at every level , from the national to the village . Reforms in the law and new constitutions must reflect the rights they have under international conventions , in keeping with the Beijing Platform for Action , the Further Actions of 2000 and SCR 1325. Their value as peace builders is measureless . There are some fine examples of widows , from opposing factions , working together to build the peace .
?	keep.v	26	Acknowledges with great concern the difficulties encountered by the Working Group in the accomplishment of its mandate and requests the Secretary-General : ( c ) To keep the Working Group and the Commission regularly informed of the steps taken for the wide dissemination and promotion of the Declaration ; Requests the Working Group to report on its activities to the Commission at its sixty-first session ;
